























































































































































































         denial; We must have a trial: For really this morning I’ve
         go to law: _I_ will prosecute _you_.—Come, I’ll take no
         nothing to do.’ Said the mouse to the cur, ‘Such a trial, dear
         sir, With no jury or judge, would be wasting our breath.’
         try the whole cause, and condemn you to death.’”
         ‘I’ll be judge, I’ll be jury,’ Said cunning old Fury: ‘I’ll
         “Fury said to a mouse, That he met in the house, ‘Let us both
     Alice’s love_).
     _Alice’s Right Foot, Esq., Hearthrug, near the Fender,_ (_with
    *      *      *      *      *      *
    *      *      *      *      *      *
    How neatly spread his claws,
    Improve his shining tail,
    On every golden scale!
    With gently smiling jaws!”
 CHAPTER I.     Down the Rabbit-Hole
 CHAPTER II.    The Pool of Tears
 CHAPTER III.   A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
 CHAPTER IV.    The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
 CHAPTER IX.    The Mock Turtle’s Story
 CHAPTER V.     Advice from a Caterpillar
 CHAPTER VI.    Pig and Pepper
 CHAPTER VII.   A Mad Tea-Party
 CHAPTER VIII.  The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
 CHAPTER X.     The Lobster Quadrille
 CHAPTER XI.    Who Stole the Tarts?
 CHAPTER XII.   Alice’s Evidence
(Dinah was the cat.) “I hope they’ll remember her saucer of milk at
(and she tried to curtsey as she spoke—fancy _curtseying_ as you’re
(for when she looked down at her feet, they seemed to be almost out of
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE’S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***
A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going
Alas! it was too late to wish that! She went on growing, and growing,
Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a
Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her
Alice heard the Rabbit say, “A barrowful will do, to begin with.”
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet:
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave
Alice took up the fan and gloves, and, as the hall was very hot, she
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment:
Alice, “and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it
Alice,) “Well, I hardly know—No more, thank ye; I’m better now—but I’m
Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
An enormous puppy was looking down at her with large round eyes, and
And pour the waters of the Nile
And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it. “They must
And so it was indeed: she was now only ten inches high, and her face
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and
And welcome little fishes in
As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment,
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see
At last the Mouse, who seemed to be a person of authority among them,
Author: Lewis Carroll
Bill’s place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but
By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table
CHAPTER I.
CHAPTER II.
CHAPTER III.
CHAPTER IV.
Character set encoding: UTF-8
Christmas.”
Contents
Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures. Alice
Down the Rabbit-Hole
Down, down, down. There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began
Down, down, down. Would the fall _never_ come to an end? “I wonder how
Duchess! Oh! won’t she be savage if I’ve kept her waiting!” Alice felt
Duck: “it’s generally a frog or a worm. The question is, what did the
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had
Everything is so out-of-the-way down here, that I should think very
First it marked out a race-course, in a sort of circle, (“the exact
Geography. London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of
Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and
Heads below!” (a loud crash)—“Now, who did that?—It was Bill, I
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and
However, this bottle was _not_ marked “poison,” so Alice ventured to
I _think_ I can kick a little!”
I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to
I shall only look up and say ‘Who am I then? Tell me that first, and
I wonder if I’ve been changed in the night? Let me think: was I the
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how
It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had
It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply
It was all very well to say “Drink me,” but the wise little Alice was
It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking
I’ll just see what this bottle does. I do hope it’ll make me grow large
I’ve got to grow up again! Let me see—how _is_ it to be managed? I
Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was
Just then she heard something splashing about in the pool a little way
Language: English
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (“That’s Bill,” thought
Let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen,
Lory.
Luckily for Alice, the little magic bottle had now had its full effect,
Mercia and Northumbria—’”
Mouse heard this, it turned round and swam slowly back to her: its face
Mouse in the middle. Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
Oh dear, what nonsense I’m talking!”
Poor Alice! It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to
Presently she began again. “I wonder if I shall fall right _through_
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as
Produced by: Arthur DiBianca and David Widger
Rabbit came near her, she began, in a low, timid voice, “If you please,
Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves
Release Date: January, 1991 [eBook #11]
Rome, and Rome—no, _that’s_ all wrong, I’m certain! I must have been
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, “Which way? Which
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited till
She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
So she called softly after it, “Mouse dear! Do come back again, and we
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she
So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table:
Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable—’”
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out
Suddenly she came upon a little three-legged table, all made of solid
THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0
The Mouse did not notice this question, but hurriedly went on, “‘—found
The Mouse only growled in reply.
The Pool of Tears
The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a
The first thing she heard was a general chorus of “There goes Bill!”
The great question certainly was, what? Alice looked all round her at
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs. Alice knew it was
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly
There seemed to be no use in waiting by the little door, so she went
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, “I
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as
There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
There was nothing so _very_ remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank—the
This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she
This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party. Some of the
Title: Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland
Very soon the Rabbit noticed Alice, as she went hunting about, and
[Illustration]
[Most recently updated: October 12, 2020]
_can_ have happened to me! When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied
_could!_ I’m sure _I_ don’t want to stay in here any longer!”
_hated_ cats: nasty, low, vulgar things! Don’t let me hear the name
_some_ change in my size; and as it can’t possibly make me larger, it
_two_ little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. “What a number
_very_ tired of being all alone here!”
_would_ not remember the simple rules their friends had taught them:
_you_ like cats if you were me?”
_your_ temper!” “Hold your tongue, Ma!” said the young Crab, a little
a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.” (For, with all
a deal too flustered to tell you—all I know is, something comes at me
a fan! Quick, now!” And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off
a little different. But if I’m not the same, the next question is, Who
a mouse—to a mouse—a mouse—O mouse!”) The Mouse looked at her rather
a rabbit! I suppose Dinah’ll be sending me on messages next!” And she
about her any more if you’d rather not.”
about it. And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you’d
about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very
accustomed to usurpation and conquest. Edwin and Morcar, the earls of
addressing nobody in particular. “She’d soon fetch it back!”
again!”
again!” which produced another dead silence.
again, for really I’m quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!”
again, no wonder she felt unhappy.
again, the Dodo suddenly called out “The race is over!” and they all
against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the
all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick,
all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with
all!” “Do as I tell you, you coward!” and at last she spread out her
alone.
along the course, here and there. There was no “One, two, three, and
always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and
an ignorant little girl she’ll think me for asking! No, it’ll never do
and four times seven is—oh dear! I shall never get to twenty at that
and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken. She hastily put
and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle,
and put it to her lips. “I know _something_ interesting is sure to
and she grew no larger: still it was very uncomfortable, and, as there
and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into
and that if you cut your finger _very_ deeply with a knife, it usually
and till the puppy’s bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there
and was just in time to hear it say, as it turned a corner, “Oh my ears
and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing
and whiskers, how late it’s getting!” She was close behind it when she
answer, so Alice went on eagerly: “There is such a nice little dog near
anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard
anxiously about her. “Oh, do let me help to undo it!”
any more!” And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very
any rate a book of rules for shutting people up like telescopes: this
anything had happened.) So she began again: “Où est ma chatte?” which
appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself
archbishop find?”
arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea
as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will
at home! Why, I wouldn’t say anything about it, even if I fell off the
at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the
at the Mouse’s tail; “but why do you call it sad?” And she kept on
away,” but they began running when they liked, and left off when they
back to the table, half hoping she might find another key on it, or at
bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into
be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh! she knows such a
be four thousand miles down, I think—” (for, you see, Alice had learnt
bed!” On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left
before, never! And I declare it’s too bad, that it is!”
before,” said Alice,) and round the neck of the bottle was a paper
began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: “‘Miss Alice! Come
began shrinking directly. As soon as she was small enough to get
began: “O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool? I am very tired
begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the
behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what
being drowned in my own tears! That _will_ be a queer thing, to be
bend, I think?”
best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery;
birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a
birds hurried off at once: one old Magpie began wrapping itself up very
birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close
bleeds; and she had never forgotten that, if you drink much from a
bottle marked “poison,” it is almost certain to disagree with you,
brightened up at the thought that she was now the right size for going
burst of tears, “I do wish they _would_ put their heads down! I am so
but at any rate it would not open any of them. However, on the second
but it said nothing.
but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass,
but, alas! either the locks were too large, or the key was too small,
by Lewis Carroll
called out as loud as she could, “If you do, I’ll set Dinah at you!”
called out to her in an angry tone, “Why, Mary Ann, what _are_ you
called out, “Sit down, all of you, and listen to me! _I’ll_ soon make
came upon a neat little house, on the door of which was a bright brass
can do no more, whatever happens. What _will_ become of me?”
can’t think! And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds! Why,
carefully, remarking, “I really must be getting home; the night-air
cat in the world! Oh, my dear Dinah! I wonder if I shall ever see you
cats.”
changed for Mabel! I’ll try and say ‘_How doth the little_—’” and she
cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself,
cheered.
close by her.
coming back to finish his story.
confused way, “Prizes! Prizes!”
confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste
consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite
conversation. “Are you—are you fond—of—of dogs?” The Mouse did not
conversations in it, “and what is the use of a book,” thought Alice
country is, you know. Please, Ma’am, is this New Zealand or Australia?”
crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began
crowded round it, panting, and asking, “But who has won?”
cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.
cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures
cupboards as she fell past it.
dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!” (when she thought it over afterwards,
deep well.
did not come the same as they used to do:—
dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think
disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear
doesn’t suit my throat!” and a Canary called out in a trembling voice
doing out here? Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and
don’t think,” Alice went on, “that they’d let Dinah stop in the house
door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she
door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to
door: but, alas! the little door was shut again, and the little golden
down the bottle, saying to herself “That’s quite enough—I hope I shan’t
dreamy sort of way, “Do cats eat bats? Do cats eat bats?” and
dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling,
drunk quite so much!”
dry me at all.”
eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was
eaten up by wild beasts and other unpleasant things, all because they
either question, it didn’t much matter which way she put it. She felt
ever,” thought the poor child, “for I never was so small as this
falling through the air! Do you think you could manage it?) “And what
fan and gloves.
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, _I_ shan’t! _You_ do
feebly stretching out one paw, trying to touch her. “Poor little
felt sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
ferrets! Where _can_ I have dropped them, I wonder?” Alice guessed in a
fetch it here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a
filled with tears again as she went on, “I must be Mabel after all, and
finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a
first thought was that it might belong to one of the doors of the hall;
flame of a candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could
flavour of cherry-tart, custard, pine-apple, roast turkey, toffee, and
flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head
for any lesson-books!”
for apples, yer honour!”
for the moment she quite forgot how to speak good English); “now I’m
for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the
for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the
found out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she
four inches deep and reaching half down the hall.
fright. “Oh, I beg your pardon!” cried Alice hastily, afraid that she
from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in the
from the roof.
from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a
gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about
gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it),
get into the garden, and I don’t care which happens!”
get out again.
getting somewhere near the centre of the earth. Let me see: that would
glad there _was_ no one listening, this time, as it didn’t sound at all
glass; there was nothing on it except a tiny golden key, and Alice’s
gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but
gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a
go by the carrier,” she thought; “and how funny it’ll seem, sending
go round and get in at the window.”
grand words to say.)
great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, “Oh! the Duchess, the
great hurry.
grow any more—As it is, I can’t get out at the door—I do wish I hadn’t
growing small again.” She got up and went to the table to measure
growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same
had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way
had hurt the poor animal’s feelings. “I quite forgot you didn’t like
had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
hand, and made a snatch in the air. She did not get hold of anything,
happen,” she said to herself, “whenever I eat or drink anything; so
happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things
head. “If I eat one of these cakes,” she thought, “it’s sure to make
held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off
help me out of _this!_” (Sounds of more broken glass.)
her daughter “Ah, my dear! Let this be a lesson to you never to lose
her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having
her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago
her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go
her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the
here directly, and get ready for your walk!’ ‘Coming in a minute,
here till I’m somebody else’—but, oh dear!” cried Alice, with a sudden
herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was
herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging
herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them.
herself. “Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill! I wouldn’t be in
herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and
his fan and gloves—that is, if I can find them.” As she said this, she
history, and you’ll understand why it is I hate cats and dogs.”
hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.
hot buttered toast,) she very soon finished it off.
hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of
house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as
how I wish I could shut up like a telescope! I think I could, if I only
how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among
hung upon pegs. She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she
idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice
if it began ordering people about like that!”
in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a
in the pool, “and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her
in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three
in the world am I? Ah, _that’s_ the great puzzle!” And she began
in the world she was to get out again.
indeed were really impossible.
inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes,
into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice! when she got to the
is the driest thing I know. Silence all round, if you please! ‘William
it advisable to go with Edgar Atheling to meet William and offer him
it is you hate—C and D,” she added in a whisper, half afraid that it
it kills all the rats and—oh dear!” cried Alice in a sorrowful tone,
it must be a walrus or hippopotamus, but then she remembered how small
it muttering to itself “The Duchess! The Duchess! Oh my dear paws! Oh
it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the
it!—_That_ I won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill! the master says
it. There was not a moment to be lost: away went Alice like the wind,
it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her
it; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it
its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.
kept fanning herself all the time she went on talking: “Dear, dear! How
key and hurried off to the garden door.
key was lying on the glass table as before, “and things are worse than
kind to them,” thought Alice, “or perhaps they won’t walk the way I
knew how to begin.” For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had
knocking, and hurried upstairs, in great fear lest she should meet the
know, and he says it’s so useful, it’s worth a hundred pounds! He says
know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that _somebody_ ought to
know, with oh, such long curly brown hair! And it’ll fetch things when
knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good
label, with the words “DRINK ME,” beautifully printed on it in large
ladder?—Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other—Bill!
large as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.
large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
leaves: “I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if—if I’d
led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
lessons in here? Why, there’s hardly room for _you_, and no room at all
letters.
like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!”
liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over. However,
likely it can talk: at any rate, there’s no harm in trying.” So she
little animals and birds waiting outside. The poor little Lizard, Bill,
little bottle that stood near the looking-glass. There was no label
little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her
little door, had vanished completely.
little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up
little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely
lonely and low-spirited. In a little while, however, she again heard a
long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down
look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more
looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with
looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
made up my mind about it; if I’m Mabel, I’ll stay down here! It’ll be
makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I’ll
making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and
making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes
many miles I’ve fallen by this time?” she said aloud. “I must be
might be hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in
mistake it had made.
moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid
moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the
must make me smaller, I suppose.”
my fur and whiskers! She’ll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are
myself about you: you must manage the best way you can;—but I must be
natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if
no mice in the air, I’m afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that’s
no toys to play with, and oh! ever so many lessons to learn! No, I’ve
no use their putting their heads down and saying ‘Come up again, dear!’
not going to do _that_ in a hurry. “No, I’ll look first,” she said,
not got into it), and handed them round as prizes. There was exactly
not remember ever having seen such a thing.
now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon
now and then; such as, “Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
now for the garden!” and she ran with all speed back to the little
now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden
now? That’ll be a comfort, one way—never to be an old woman—but
now—Don’t choke him—How was it, old fellow? What happened to you? Tell
nurse! But I’ve got to see that the mouse doesn’t get out.’ Only I
nurse—and she’s such a capital one for catching mice—oh, I beg your
of cucumber-frames there must be!” thought Alice. “I wonder what
of his Normans—’ How are you getting on now, my dear?” it continued,
of killing somebody underneath, so managed to put it into one of the
of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.) However, she
of swimming about here, O Mouse!” (Alice thought this must be the right
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself “Now I
of things—I can’t remember half of them—and it belongs to a farmer, you
off, and she swam nearer to make out what it was: at first she thought
older than you, and must know better;” and this Alice would not allow
on in the common way.
on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she
one a-piece, all round.
one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
one! There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought! And
only been the right size to do it! Oh dear! I’d nearly forgotten that
opening out like the largest telescope that ever was! Good-bye, feet!”
other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head
our house I should like to show you! A little bright-eyed terrier, you
out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright
over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was
over, and she felt certain it must be really offended. “We won’t talk
pairs of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the
pardon!” cried Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all
passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw. How she longed to get
passed; it was labelled “ORANGE MARMALADE”, but to her great
paws and washing her face—and she is such a nice soft thing to
people! Why, there’s hardly enough of me left to make _one_ respectable
person!”
picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran
pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence. At last the Dodo
plate with the name “W. RABBIT,” engraved upon it. She went in without
plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what
pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had
pool as it went.
poor Alice, “it would be of very little use without my shoulders. Oh,
practice to say it over) “—yes, that’s about the right distance—but
presented the thimble, saying “We beg your acceptance of this elegant
presents to one’s own feet! And how odd the directions will look!
puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the
puzzling it all is! I’ll try if I know all the things I used to know.
queer everything is to-day! And yesterday things went on just as usual.
question is, what?”
quiet thing,” Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about
quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to
rabbits. I almost wish I hadn’t gone down that rabbit-hole—and yet—and
railway,” she said to herself. (Alice had been to the seaside once in
rate! However, the Multiplication Table doesn’t signify: let’s try
rather sharply; “I advise you to leave off this minute!” She generally
real Mary Ann, and be turned out of the house before she had found the
remedies—”
ringlets, and mine doesn’t go in ringlets at all; and I’m sure I can’t
roof off.” After a minute or two, they began moving about again, and
rope—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, it’s coming down!
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
safe in a thick wood.
said Alice to herself, “in my going out altogether, like a candle. I
said, “_Everybody_ has won, and all must have prizes.”
same when I got up this morning? I almost think I can remember feeling
sat down and cried.
saying to herself “This is Bill,” she gave one sharp kick, and waited
scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then,
sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row
second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden. I think that
seemed to be no sort of chance of her ever getting out of the room
set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath,
several nice little histories about children who had got burnt, and
several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and
shape doesn’t matter,” it said,) and then all the party were placed
she could.
she felt a little nervous about this; “for it might end, you know,”
she had known them all her life. Indeed, she had quite a long argument
she had somehow fallen into the sea, “and in that case I can go back by
she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming. It was the White
she heard a little animal (she couldn’t guess of what sort it was)
she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
she heard the Rabbit just under the window, she suddenly spread out her
she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another
she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words
she remembered having seen in her brother’s Latin Grammar, “A mouse—of
she was nine feet high.
she was now, and she soon made out that it was only a mouse that had
she was talking. “How _can_ I have done that?” she thought. “I must be
she’ll eat a little bird as soon as look at it!”
shook its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.
sighing.
sight, they were getting so far off). “Oh, my poor little feet, I
silence, and then another confusion of voices—“Hold up his head—Brandy
sir—” The Rabbit started violently, dropped the white kid gloves and
size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice
slipped in like herself.
snappishly. “You’re enough to try the patience of an oyster!”
so _very_ much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, “Oh
so desperate that she was ready to ask help of any one; so, when the
something out of a bottle. They all made a rush at Alice the moment she
sometimes, “Do bats eat cats?” for, you see, as she couldn’t answer
soon made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when
sooner or later.
sorrowful tone; “at least there’s no room to grow up any more _here_.”
speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
spite of all her coaxing.
splash! she was up to her chin in salt water. Her first idea was that
such as, that a red-hot poker will burn you if you hold it too long;
sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; “and
sudden leap out of the water, and seemed to quiver all over with
suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great
sure _I_ shan’t be able! I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble
sure! However, everything is queer to-day.”
surprised he’ll be when he finds out who I am! But I’d better take him
tail. “As if _I_ would talk on such a subject! Our family always
take a fancy to cats if you could only see her. She is such a dear
tale was something like this:—
talking again. “Dinah’ll miss me very much to-night, I should think!”
talking together: she made out the words: “Where’s the other
taste it, and finding it very nice, (it had, in fact, a sort of mixed
tea-time. Dinah my dear! I wish you were down here with me! There are
telescope.”
tell its age, there was no more to be said.
tell you how the Dodo managed it.)
that attempt proved a failure. Alice heard it say to itself “Then I’ll
that kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of
that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything
that she had put on one of the Rabbit’s little white kid gloves while
that she was dozing off, and had just begun to dream that she was
that the best thing to get us dry would be a Caucus-race.”
that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic
the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted
the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds
the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the
the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or
the crown. William’s conduct at first was moderate. But the insolence
the door opened inwards, and Alice’s elbow was pressed hard against it,
the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even
the earth! How funny it’ll seem to come out among the people that walk
the fall was over.
the fan, and skurried away into the darkness as hard as he could go.
the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that
the others all joined in chorus, “Yes, please do!” but the Mouse only
the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very
the right word) “—but I shall have to ask them what the name of the
the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a
theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I’ve got to?” (Alice had no
then a voice she had never heard before, “Sure then I’m here! Digging
then the Rabbit’s voice along—“Catch him, you by the hedge!” then
then, if I like being that person, I’ll come up: if not, I’ll stay down
then—always to have lessons to learn! Oh, I shouldn’t like _that!_”
they were nowhere to be seen—everything seemed to have changed since
they’ll do next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they
thimble;” and, when it had finished this short speech, they all
thing!” said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to
things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go
think nothing of tumbling down stairs! How brave they’ll all think me
thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as
this moment, I tell you!” But she went on all the same, shedding
this time with the words “DRINK ME,” but nevertheless she uncorked it
this,” she said to herself, and shouted out, “You’d better not do that
those long words, and, what’s more, I don’t believe you do either!” And
though this was not a _very_ good opportunity for showing off her
thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its
through the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of
through the doorway; “and even if my head would go through,” thought
through the little door into that lovely garden. First, however, she
thump! thump! down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and
time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually _took a
time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and
time she found a little bottle on it, (“which certainly was not here
tittered audibly.
to ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.”
to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much
to find her way out. “I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by
to its children, “Come away, my dears! It’s high time you were all in
to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the
to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the
to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words
to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as
to see what would happen next.
to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.
together first—they don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! they’ll do
tone. “Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I’m sure she’s the best
top of the house!” (Which was very likely true.)
trembling voice, “Let us get to the shore, and then I’ll tell you my
turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found
turning to Alice as it spoke.
us all about it!”
using this eBook.
very like a mouse, you know. But do cats eat bats, I wonder?” And here
very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every
very little! Besides, _she’s_ she, and _I’m_ I, and—oh dear, how
waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further:
walking away. “You insult me by talking such nonsense!”
walking hand in hand with Dinah, and saying to her very earnestly,
wandered about in the wood, “is to grow to my right size again; and the
want to go! Let me see: I’ll give them a new pair of boots every
was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out
was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it
was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with
was quite pale (with passion, Alice thought), and it said in a low
was the first sentence in her French lesson-book. The Mouse gave a
watch out of its waistcoat-pocket_, and looked at it, and then hurried
watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the
way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but
way?”, holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill! catch hold of this
went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach
what she was coming to, but it was too dark to see anything; then she
what ‘it’ means.”
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
when I grow up, I’ll write one—but I’m grown up now,” she added in a
when they had been running half an hour or so, and were quite dry
will be the best plan.”
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
window!”
window, and some of them hit her in the face. “I’ll put a stop to
with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, “I am
with their heads downward! The Antipathies, I think—” (she was rather
without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to
wonder what I should be like then?” And she tried to fancy what the
wonder what they _will_ do next! If they had any sense, they’d take the
wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears? I’m
won’t talk about cats or dogs either, if you don’t like them!” When the
would be offended again.
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
yet—it’s rather curious, you know, this sort of life! I do wonder what
you dry enough!” They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the
you know!”
you speak?”
you thinking of?”
you throw them, and it’ll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts
you,” (she might well say this), “to go on crying in this way! Stop
your pocket?” he went on, turning to Alice.
you’re to go down the chimney!”
“A barrowful of _what?_” thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt,
“A knot!” said Alice, always ready to make herself useful, and looking
“Ahem!” said the Mouse with an important air, “are you all ready? This
“An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
“And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?” said the
“And yet what a dear little puppy it was!” said Alice, as she leant
“As wet as ever,” said Alice in a melancholy tone: “it doesn’t seem to
“But it’s no use now,” thought poor Alice, “to pretend to be two
“But she must have a prize herself, you know,” said the Mouse.
“But then,” thought Alice, “shall I _never_ get any older than I am
“But who is to give the prizes?” quite a chorus of voices asked.
“Come, there’s no use in crying like that!” said Alice to herself,
“Curiouser and curiouser!” cried Alice (she was so much surprised, that
“Digging for apples, indeed!” said the Rabbit angrily. “Here! Come and
“Dinah’s our cat. And she’s such a capital one for catching mice you
“EAT ME” were beautifully marked in currants. “Well, I’ll eat it,” said
“Found _it_,” the Mouse replied rather crossly: “of course you know
“Found _what_?” said the Duck.
“Hand it over here,” said the Dodo.
“He took me for his housemaid,” she said to herself as she ran. “How
“How cheerfully he seems to grin,
“How doth the little crocodile
“How queer it seems,” Alice said to herself, “to be going messages for
“I beg your pardon!” said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: “Did
“I beg your pardon,” said Alice very humbly: “you had got to the fifth
“I didn’t mean it!” pleaded poor Alice. “But you’re so easily offended,
“I had _not!_” cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
“I know what ‘it’ means well enough, when _I_ find a thing,” said the
“I shall do nothing of the sort,” said the Mouse, getting up and
“I thought you did,” said the Mouse. “—I proceed. ‘Edwin and Morcar,
“I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!” said Alice aloud,
“I wish I hadn’t cried so much!” said Alice, as she swam about, trying
“I wish I hadn’t mentioned Dinah!” she said to herself in a melancholy
“I won’t indeed!” said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of
“In that case,” said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, “I move
“It _is_ a long tail, certainly,” said Alice, looking down with wonder
“It was much pleasanter at home,” thought poor Alice, “when one wasn’t
“I’m afraid I’ve offended it again!” For the Mouse was swimming away
“I’m sure I’m not Ada,” she said, “for her hair goes in such long
“I’m sure those are not the right words,” said poor Alice, and her eyes
“Mary Ann! Mary Ann!” said the voice. “Fetch me my gloves this moment!”
“Mine is a long and a sad tale!” said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and
“Not I!” said the Lory hastily.
“Not like cats!” cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice. “Would
“Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?”
“Now, Dinah, tell me the truth: did you ever eat a bat?” when suddenly,
“Of course,” the Dodo replied very gravely. “What else have you got in
“Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?” said Alice to
“Oh, you foolish Alice!” she answered herself. “How can you learn
“Only a thimble,” said Alice sadly.
“Perhaps it doesn’t understand English,” thought Alice; “I daresay it’s
“Please come back and finish your story!” Alice called after it; and
“So you did, old fellow!” said the others.
“Speak English!” said the Eaglet. “I don’t know the meaning of half
“Sure, it does, yer honour: but it’s an arm for all that.”
“Sure, it’s an arm, yer honour!” (He pronounced it “arrum.”)
“That _was_ a narrow escape!” said Alice, a good deal frightened at the
“The first thing I’ve got to do,” said Alice to herself, as she
“Ugh!” said the Lory, with a shiver.
“We indeed!” cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his
“We must burn the house down!” said the Rabbit’s voice; and Alice
“Well!” thought Alice to herself, “after such a fall as this, I shall
“Well, it’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!”
“Well, perhaps not,” said Alice in a soothing tone: “don’t be angry
“What I was going to say,” said the Dodo in an offended tone, “was,
“What _is_ a Caucus-race?” said Alice; not that she wanted much to
“What a curious feeling!” said Alice; “I must be shutting up like a
“What a pity it wouldn’t stay!” sighed the Lory, as soon as it was
“Why, _she_, of course,” said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one
“Why,” said the Dodo, “the best way to explain it is to do it.” (And,
“Would it be of any use, now,” thought Alice, “to speak to this mouse?
“You are not attending!” said the Mouse to Alice severely. “What are
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself,” said Alice, “a great girl like
“You promised to tell me your history, you know,” said Alice, “and why
“_That_ you won’t!” thought Alice, and, after waiting till she fancied
“and see whether it’s marked ‘_poison_’ or not”; for she had read
“without pictures or conversations?”
﻿The Project Gutenberg eBook of Alice’s Adventures in Wonderland, by Lewis Carroll


























































































































































































































































































                    Twinkle, twinkle—’”
    *      *      *      *      *      *
    Allow me to sell you a couple?”
    And argued each case with my wife;
    And beat him when he sneezes:
    And have grown most uncommonly fat;
    Be off, or I’ll kick you down stairs!”
    Because he knows it teases.”
    Do you think, at your age, it is right?”
    For anything tougher than suet;
    Has lasted the rest of my life.”
    I beat him when he sneezes;
    Pray, how did you manage to do it?”
    Pray, what is the reason of that?”
    Said his father; “don’t give yourself airs!
    That your eye was as steady as ever;
    The pepper when he pleases!”
    What made you so awfully clever?”
    Why, I do it again and again.”
    “And your hair has become very white;
    “I feared it might injure the brain;
    “I kept all my limbs very supple
(In which the cook and the baby joined):
(“I only wish it was,” the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
*      *      *      *      *      *      *
A Mad Tea-Party
A bright idea came into Alice’s head. “Is that the reason so many
Advice from a Caterpillar
Alice caught the baby with some difficulty, as it was a queer-shaped
Alice coming. “There’s _plenty_ of room!” said Alice indignantly, and
Alice considered a little, and then said “The fourth.”
Alice did not at all like the tone of this remark, and thought it would
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself to
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very
Alice didn’t think that proved it at all; however, she went on “And how
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar’s making such _very_
Alice felt dreadfully puzzled. The Hatter’s remark seemed to have no
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another
Alice folded her hands, and began:—
Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity. “What a
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute,
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life
Alice sighed wearily. “I think you might do something better with the
Alice thought over all she could remember about ravens and
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do,
Alice tried to fancy to herself what such an extraordinary ways of
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, “Now, what am I to do
Alice was more and more puzzled, but she thought there was no use in
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer
Alice was silent.
Alice went timidly up to the door, and knocked.
An invitation for the Duchess to play croquet.”
And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,
And yet you incessantly stand on your head—
As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head,
At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came
But, now that I’m perfectly sure I have none,
By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—
CHAPTER V.
CHAPTER VI.
CHAPTER VII.
CHORUS.
CHORUS.
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what
For he can thoroughly enjoy
Hatter and the March Hare went “Sh! sh!” and the Dormouse sulkily
He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare
He only does it to annoy,
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any
How I wonder what you’re at!’
I almost wish I’d gone to see the Hatter instead!”
I get’ is the same thing as ‘I get what I like’!”
I suppose it doesn’t mind.”
It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it
It was, no doubt: only Alice did not like to be told so. “It’s really
It’s enough to drive one crazy!”
Like a tea-tray in the sky.
March Hare and the Hatter were having tea at it: a Dormouse was sitting
March Hare. Visit either you like: they’re both mad.”
No, there were no tears. “If you’re going to turn into a pig, my dear,”
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he’d do almost anything
Pig and Pepper
Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, “and just as I was thinking I
Queen jumped up and bawled out, ‘He’s murdering the time! Off with his
Queen to play croquet.” The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn
Queen to-day?”
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite
She stretched herself up on tiptoe, and peeped over the edge of the
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow,
So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice. It looked good-natured, she
The Caterpillar and Alice looked at each other for some time in
The Caterpillar was the first to speak.
The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then
The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes. “I wasn’t asleep,” he said in a
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter,
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his
The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he _said_
The Hatter shook his head mournfully. “Not I!” he replied. “We
The Hatter was the first to break the silence. “What day of the month
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped
The baby grunted again, and Alice looked very anxiously into its face
The door led right into a large kitchen, which was full of smoke from
The table was a large one, but the three were all crowded together at
Then they both bowed low, and their curls got entangled together.
There was a table set out under a tree in front of the house, and the
There was certainly too much of it in the air. Even the Duchess sneezed
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again. In a
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation. Alice replied,
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing
Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose—
Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—
Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door—
You know the song, perhaps?”
You’re mad.”
_is_ that to be done, I wonder?” As she said this, she came suddenly
_one_ with such a neck as that! No, no! You’re a serpent; and there’s
_this_ size: why, I should frighten them out of their wits!” So she
_yours_: I don’t like them raw.”
a Hatter: and in _that_ direction,” waving the other paw, “lives a
a _very_ turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also
a pig, and she felt that it would be quite absurd for her to carry it
a tree a few yards off.
about wasting _it_. It’s _him_.”
about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
addressed her in a languid, sleepy voice.
advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than
after that into a butterfly, I should think you’ll feel it a little
again, sitting on a branch of a tree.
again.
all over their heads. She felt very curious to know what it was all
aloud; and in another moment it was out of sight.
alternately without a moment’s pause. The only things in the kitchen
an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a
and began talking to herself, as usual. “Come, there’s half my plan
and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.
and every now and then she had to stop and untwist it. After a while
and holding it to his ear.
and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing. For
and she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at
and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to
and there was silence for some minutes.
and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.”
and wag my tail when I’m angry. Therefore I’m mad.”
and wags its tail when it’s pleased. Now _I_ growl when I’m pleased,
and we’ve no time to wash the things between whiles.”
another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a
answers.”
anything else.
appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in
are; secondly, because they’re making such a noise inside, no one could
as if nothing had happened.
as she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches,
as ‘I sleep when I breathe’!”
baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:—
be as well to introduce some other subject of conversation. While she
be listening, so she went on again: “Twenty-four hours, I _think_; or
before it’s done.”
before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.
before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go
beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which
begun asking riddles.—I believe I can guess that,” she added aloud.
between them, fast asleep, and the other two were using it as a
came different!” Alice replied in a very melancholy voice.
caterpillar, that was sitting on the top with its arms folded, quietly
cautiously: “But I don’t understand. Where did they draw the treacle
changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders
changed several times since then.”
child; “but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you
children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying
chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur. It
contempt. “I’ve seen a good many little girls in my time, but never
contemptuously. “I dare say you never even spoke to Time!”
conversation dropped, and the party sat silent for a minute, while
could.
croquet with the Queen,” and she hurried out of the room. The cook
cushion, resting their elbows on it, and talking over its head. “Very
dare say there may be _one_.”
days and days.”
different sizes in a day is very confusing.”
do a thing I ask! It’s always six o’clock now.”
do you know that you’re mad?”
doesn’t like changing so often, you know.”
done now! How puzzling all these changes are! I’m never sure what I’m
door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
down again into its nest. Alice crouched down among the trees as well
dreadful,” she muttered to herself, “the way all the creatures argue.
ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it
earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis—”
enough.”
except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
expressing yourself.”
eyes, “Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.”
face, and was beating her violently with its wings.
felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes,
felt that it ought to be treated with respect.
figures!” And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a
fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at
fish)—and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles. It was opened by
flinging the baby at her as she spoke. “I must go and get ready to play
for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the
forgotten to ask.”
frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled
from the sky! Ugh, Serpent!”
from?”
funny watch!” she remarked. “It tells the day of the month, and doesn’t
further.
get an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge. “Just
given by the Queen of Hearts, and I had to sing
go on. “And so these three little sisters—they were learning to draw,
going to be, from one minute to another! However, I’ve got back to my
going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but
good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a _very_ unpleasant
grin without a cat! It’s the most curious thing I ever saw in my life!”
grow shorter.”
growl, “the world would go round a deal faster than it does.”
had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was
had to pinch it to make it stop.
half-past one as long as you liked.”
have to turn into a chrysalis—you will some day, you know—and then
haven’t had a wink of sleep these three weeks!”
head!’”
head. But at any rate he might answer questions.—How am I to get in?”
hedges,” the Pigeon went on, without attending to her; “but those
her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent. She
herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
herself, “it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes
herself.
hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one,
hiss made her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her
hoarse, feeble voice: “I heard every word you fellows were saying.”
hookah into its mouth and began smoking again.
hot tea upon its nose.
if you were _inside_, you might knock, and I could let you out, you
important to say!”
in a great hurry; “and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and
in a natural way.
in an agony of terror. “Oh, there goes his _precious_ nose!” as an
in questions of eating and drinking.
in the middle, nursing a baby; the cook was leaning over the fire,
invent something!”
is it twelve? I—”
is it?” he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his
is, it would feel very queer to _me_.”
it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of
it suddenly appeared again.
its arms, took the hookah out of its mouth again, and said, “So you
its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did
its eyes, for it was getting very sleepy; “and they drew all manner of
itself up and straightening itself out again, so that altogether, for
jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the
know that cats _could_ grin.”
know.”
know.” He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and
last she stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke
lefthand bit.
little creature, and held out its arms and legs in all directions,
little thing grunted in reply (it had left off sneezing by this time).
living would be like, but it puzzled her too much, so she went on: “But
looking for eggs, I know _that_ well enough; and what does it matter to
looking for eggs, as it happens; and if I was, I shouldn’t want
many more than three.”
me whether you’re a little girl or a serpent?”
mind,” said Alice: “three inches is such a wretched height to be.”
minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and
minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, “You’re
mouth; but she did it at last, and managed to swallow a morsel of the
moved into the Dormouse’s place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the
murder to leave it behind?” She said the last words out loud, and the
mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went,
mushroom, and her eyes immediately met those of a large blue
near the house till she had brought herself down to nine inches high.
nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other,
nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself
no use denying it. I suppose you’ll be telling me next that you never
noise going on within—a constant howling and sneezing, and every now
not like the look of the thing at all. “But perhaps it was only
not myself, you see.”
not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, “why
nothing better to say than his first remark, “It was the _best_ butter,
now!” The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible
occasionally; and as for the baby, it was sneezing and howling
off a bit of the edge with each hand.
off.
offended!”
on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
on.”
one corner of it: “No room! No room!” they cried out when they saw
one end to the other: the Duchess was sitting on a three-legged stool
otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a
out into the open air. “If I don’t take this child away with me,”
perfectly idiotic!” And she opened the door and went in.
perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question. However, at
perhaps as this is May it won’t be raving mad—at least not so mad as it
pieces.
place of the March Hare. The Hatter was the only one who got any
pleased to have got into a conversation.
pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then,
possibly hear you.” And certainly there _was_ a most extraordinary
proposal.
quarrelled last March—just before _he_ went mad, you know—” (pointing
queer, won’t you?”
question, you know.”
question. “What sort of people live about here?”
rather a handsome pig, I think.” And she began thinking over other
rather shyly, “I—I hardly know, sir, just at present—at least I know
rearing itself upright as it spoke (it was exactly three inches high).
remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
remark, with variations. “I shall sit here,” he said, “on and off, for
remarked, “If you can’t be civil, you’d better finish the story for
repeated her question. “Why did they live at the bottom of a well?”
right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden—how
said Alice, seriously, “I’ll have nothing more to do with you. Mind
said to herself; “the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and
said, “It was a treacle-well.”
say that ‘I see what I eat’ is the same thing as ‘I eat what I see’!”
saying anything more till the Pigeon had finished.
saying, in a solemn tone, “For the Duchess. An invitation from the
say—that’s the same thing, you know.”
sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
see its meaning.
seems to suit them!”
serpents! There’s no pleasing them!”
set to work at once to eat some of the other bit. Her chin was pressed
severity; “it’s very rude.”
she had succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
she remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands,
she repeated, aloud.
she said to herself; “his eyes are so _very_ nearly at the top of his
she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that
short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, “I
should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down
shoulders got to? And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can’t see you?”
shouldn’t be hungry for it, you know.”
shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes. The Duchess took no notice of
silence: at last the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth, and
skimming out, straight at the Footman’s head: it just grazed his nose,
smoking a long hookah, and taking not the smallest notice of her or of
snorting like a steam-engine when she caught it, and kept doubling
so closely against her foot, that there was hardly room to open her
sobbing,” she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there
some minutes it puffed away without speaking, but at last it unfolded
some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and
some time without interrupting it.
sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at
sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English. “I don’t quite
speech.
state of mind, she turned away.
stays the same year for such a long time together.”
stirring a large cauldron which seemed to be full of soup.
take _more_ than nothing.”
take more.”
talking in his sleep, “that ‘I breathe when I sleep’ is the same thing
tasted an egg!”
tea-things are put out here?” she asked.
tell what o’clock it is!”
that Alice could hardly hear the words:—
that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting
that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she
the Duchess and the baby—the fire-irons came first; then followed a
the March Hare.
the March Hare.
the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the
the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so,
the end of every line:
the first minute or two, it was as much as she could do to hold it.
the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to
the morning, just time to begin lessons: you’d only have to whisper a
the number of changes she had gone through that day.
the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until
the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a
the tops of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp
the works!” he added looking angrily at the March Hare.
them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already,
there could be _no_ mistake about it: it was neither more nor less than
they lived at the bottom of a well—”
they pinched it on both sides at once.
they’re a kind of serpent, that’s all I can say.”
things happening. While she was looking at the place where it had been,
things—everything that begins with an M—”
think of what work it would make with the day and night! You see the
think you could draw treacle out of a treacle-well—eh, stupid?”
think you’re changed, do you?”
think, you ought to tell me who _you_ are, first.”
this Alice thought decidedly uncivil. “But perhaps he can’t help it,”
thought Alice, “they’re sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn’t it be
thought of herself, “I wish the creatures wouldn’t be so easily
thought: still it had _very_ long claws and a great many teeth, so she
threw a frying-pan after her as she went out, but it just missed her.
time for dinner!”
time when I learn music.”
time,” she said, “than waste it in asking riddles that have no
timidly, saying to herself “Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
to about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather
to ask.
to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the
to herself, “if one only knew the right way to change them—” when she
to notice this last remark.
to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.
to see what was the matter with it. There could be no doubt that it had
tone, and added with a kind of sob, “I’ve tried every way, and nothing
tone, only changing the order of the words a little, “From the Queen.
trot away quietly into the wood. “If it had grown up,” she said to
trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was
twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right
two reasons. First, because I’m on the same side of the door as you
two.
uncomfortable for the Dormouse,” thought Alice; “only, as it’s asleep,
understand you,” she said, as politely as she could.
unusually large saucepan flew close by it, and very nearly carried it
upon an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
used—and I don’t keep the same size for ten minutes together!”
violent blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!
violently, that she looked down into its face in some alarm. This time
was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of
was in March.” As she said this, she looked up, and there was the Cat
was on the top of it.
was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had
was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the
was, “Why is a raven like a writing-desk?”
were any tears.
were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was
whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little
which the March Hare was said to live. “I’ve seen hatters before,” she
who I _was_ when I got up this morning, but I think I must have been
why did they live at the bottom of a well?”
wider. “Come, it’s pleased so far,” thought Alice, and she went on.
with his tea spoon at the March Hare,) “—it was at the great concert
with this creature when I get it home?” when it grunted again, so
without attending to her, “if we had the door between us. For instance,
wood—(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery:
words have got altered.”
writing-desks, which wasn’t much.
yawned once or twice, and shook itself. Then it got down off the
year it is?”
yet.”
you know.”
you know—”
you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o’clock in
your cat grins like that?”
yourself!”
yourself.”
‘Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
‘Up above the world you fly,
“A likely story indeed!” said the Pigeon in a tone of the deepest
“Ah! that accounts for it,” said the Hatter. “He won’t stand beating.
“All right,” said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly,
“And be quick about it,” added the Hatter, “or you’ll be asleep again
“And ever since that,” the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, “he won’t
“And just as I’d taken the highest tree in the wood,” continued the
“And now which is which?” she said to herself, and nibbled a little of
“Anything you like,” said the Footman, and began whistling.
“Are you content now?” said the Caterpillar.
“As if it wasn’t trouble enough hatching the eggs,” said the Pigeon;
“But I don’t want to go among mad people,” Alice remarked.
“But I’m _not_ a serpent, I tell you!” said Alice. “I’m a—I’m a—”
“But I’m not used to it!” pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone. And she
“But they were _in_ the well,” Alice said to the Dormouse, not choosing
“But what am _I_ to do?” said Alice.
“But what happens when you come to the beginning again?” Alice ventured
“By-the-bye, what became of the baby?” said the Cat. “I’d nearly
“Call it what you like,” said the Cat. “Do you play croquet with the
“Can’t remember _what_ things?” said the Caterpillar.
“Cheshire Puss,” she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know
“Come back!” the Caterpillar called after her. “I’ve something
“Come, my head’s free at last!” said Alice in a tone of delight, which
“Come, we shall have some fun now!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they’ve
“Did you say pig, or fig?” said the Cat.
“Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?” said
“Don’t grunt,” said Alice; “that’s not at all a proper way of
“Exactly so,” said Alice.
“Exactly so,” said the Hatter: “as the things get used up.”
“Have some wine,” the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
“Have you guessed the riddle yet?” the Hatter said, turning to Alice
“Here! you may nurse it a bit, if you like!” the Duchess said to Alice,
“How am I to get in?” asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
“How do you know I’m mad?” said Alice.
“How dreadfully savage!” exclaimed Alice.
“I _don’t_ know,” said the Caterpillar.
“I _have_ tasted eggs, certainly,” said Alice, who was a very truthful
“I can’t explain _myself_, I’m afraid, sir,” said Alice, “because I’m
“I didn’t know it was _your_ table,” said Alice; “it’s laid for a great
“I didn’t know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn’t
“I do,” Alice hastily replied; “at least—at least I mean what I
“I don’t believe it,” said the Pigeon; “but if they do, why then
“I don’t know of any that do,” Alice said very politely, feeling quite
“I don’t know what you mean,” said Alice.
“I don’t much care where—” said Alice.
“I don’t see any wine,” she remarked.
“I don’t see,” said the Caterpillar.
“I have answered three questions, and that is enough,”
“I haven’t the least idea what you’re talking about,” said Alice.
“I haven’t the slightest idea,” said the Hatter.
“I said pig,” replied Alice; “and I wish you wouldn’t keep appearing
“I shall sit here,” the Footman remarked, “till tomorrow—”
“I should like it very much,” said Alice, “but I haven’t been invited
“I speak severely to my boy,
“I suppose so,” said Alice.
“I thought it would,” said the Cat, and vanished again.
“I want a clean cup,” interrupted the Hatter: “let’s all move one place
“If everybody minded their own business,” the Duchess said in a hoarse
“If you knew Time as well as I do,” said the Hatter, “you wouldn’t talk
“In _that_ direction,” the Cat said, waving its right paw round, “lives
“In my youth,” Father William replied to his son,
“In my youth,” said his father, “I took to the law,
“In my youth,” said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,
“Is that all?” said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she
“Is that the way _you_ manage?” Alice asked.
“It _is_ the same thing with you,” said the Hatter, and here the
“It goes on, you know,” the Hatter continued, “in this way:—
“It is a very good height indeed!” said the Caterpillar angrily,
“It is wrong from beginning to end,” said the Caterpillar decidedly,
“It isn’t,” said the Caterpillar.
“It matters a good deal to _me_,” said Alice hastily; “but I’m not
“It turned into a pig,” Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back
“It was the _best_ butter,” the March Hare meekly replied.
“It wasn’t very civil of you to sit down without being invited,” said
“It’s a Cheshire cat,” said the Duchess, “and that’s why. Pig!”
“I—I’m a little girl,” said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered
“I’m _not_ a serpent!” said Alice indignantly. “Let me alone!”
“I’m afraid I am, sir,” said Alice; “I can’t remember things as I
“I’m afraid I can’t put it more clearly,” Alice replied very politely,
“I’m afraid I don’t know one,” said Alice, rather alarmed at the
“I’m getting tired of this. I vote the young lady tells us a story.”
“I’m very sorry you’ve been annoyed,” said Alice, who was beginning to
“I’ve had nothing yet,” Alice replied in an offended tone, “so I can’t
“I’ve heard something like it,” said Alice.
“I’ve tried the roots of trees, and I’ve tried banks, and I’ve tried
“Keep your temper,” said the Caterpillar.
“No, I give it up,” Alice replied: “what’s the answer?”
“No, please go on!” Alice said very humbly; “I won’t interrupt again. I
“No,” said the Caterpillar.
“Nobody asked _your_ opinion,” said Alice.
“Nor I,” said the March Hare.
“Not _quite_ right, I’m afraid,” said Alice, timidly; “some of the
“Not a bit,” said the Caterpillar.
“Not at first, perhaps,” said the Hatter: “but you could keep it to
“Not the same thing a bit!” said the Hatter. “You might just as well
“Of course not,” Alice replied very readily: “but that’s because it
“Of course they were,” said the Dormouse; “—well in.”
“Of course you don’t!” the Hatter said, tossing his head
“Of the mushroom,” said the Caterpillar, just as if she had asked it
“Oh, I’m not particular as to size,” Alice hastily replied; “only one
“Oh, _please_ mind what you’re doing!” cried Alice, jumping up and down
“Oh, don’t bother _me_,” said the Duchess; “I never could abide
“Oh, there’s no use in talking to him,” said Alice desperately: “he’s
“Oh, you can’t help that,” said the Cat: “we’re all mad here. I’m mad.
“Oh, you’re sure to do that,” said the Cat, “if you only walk long
“Once upon a time there were three little sisters,” the Dormouse began
“One side of _what?_ The other side of _what?_” thought Alice to
“One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you
“One, indeed!” said the Dormouse indignantly. However, he consented to
“Perhaps not,” Alice cautiously replied: “but I know I have to beat
“Please would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, for she was
“Please, then,” said Alice, “how am I to get in?”
“Repeat, “_You are old, Father William_,’” said the Caterpillar.
“Serpent!” screamed the Pigeon.
“Serpent, I say again!” repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued
“So they were,” said the Dormouse; “_very_ ill.”
“Speak roughly to your little boy,
“Suppose we change the subject,” the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
“Take some more tea,” the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
“Talking of axes,” said the Duchess, “chop off her head!”
“Tell us a story!” said the March Hare.
“That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,” said the Cat.
“That is not said right,” said the Caterpillar.
“That would be grand, certainly,” said Alice thoughtfully: “but then—I
“The Dormouse is asleep again,” said the Hatter, and he poured a little
“Then it doesn’t matter which way you go,” said the Cat.
“Then it wasn’t very civil of you to offer it,” said Alice angrily.
“Then the Dormouse shall!” they both cried. “Wake up, Dormouse!” And
“Then you keep moving round, I suppose?” said Alice.
“Then you should say what you mean,” the March Hare went on.
“There isn’t any,” said the March Hare.
“There might be some sense in your knocking,” the Footman went on
“There’s certainly too much pepper in that soup!” Alice said to
“There’s no sort of use in knocking,” said the Footman, “and that for
“There’s no such thing!” Alice was beginning very angrily, but the
“They all can,” said the Duchess; “and most of ’em do.”
“They couldn’t have done that, you know,” Alice gently remarked;
“They lived on treacle,” said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or
“They were learning to draw,” the Dormouse went on, yawning and rubbing
“To begin with,” said the Cat, “a dog’s not mad. You grant that?”
“Treacle,” said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
“Two days wrong!” sighed the Hatter. “I told you butter wouldn’t suit
“Well! I’ve often seen a cat without a grin,” thought Alice; “but a
“Well! _What_ are you?” said the Pigeon. “I can see you’re trying to
“Well, I should like to be a _little_ larger, sir, if you wouldn’t
“Well, I’d hardly finished the first verse,” said the Hatter, “when the
“Well, I’ve tried to say “How doth the little busy bee,” but it all
“Well, be off, then!” said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled
“Well, perhaps you haven’t found it so yet,” said Alice; “but when you
“Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,” said Alice; “all I know
“Well, then,” the Cat went on, “you see, a dog growls when it’s angry,
“What _can_ all that green stuff be?” said Alice. “And where _have_ my
“What did they draw?” said Alice, quite forgetting her promise.
“What did they live on?” said Alice, who always took a great interest
“What do you mean by that?” said the Caterpillar sternly. “Explain
“What size do you want to be?” it asked.
“Which is just the case with _mine_,” said the Hatter.
“Which would _not_ be an advantage,” said Alice, who felt very glad to
“Who are _you?_” said the Caterpillar.
“Whoever lives there,” thought Alice, “it’ll never do to come upon them
“Who’s making personal remarks now?” the Hatter asked triumphantly.
“Why not?” said the March Hare.
“Why should it?” muttered the Hatter. “Does _your_ watch tell you what
“Why with an M?” said Alice.
“Why?” said the Caterpillar.
“Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?”
“Wow! wow! wow!”
“Wow! wow! wow!”
“Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,” the Hatter grumbled:
“Yes, please do!” pleaded Alice.
“Yes, that’s it,” said the Hatter with a sigh: “it’s always tea-time,
“You are old, Father William,” the young man said,
“You are old,” said the youth, “and your jaws are too weak
“You are old,” said the youth, “as I mentioned before,
“You are old,” said the youth, “one would hardly suppose
“You can draw water out of a water-well,” said the Hatter; “so I should
“You don’t know much,” said the Duchess; “and that’s a fact.”
“You mean you can’t take _less_,” said the Hatter: “it’s very easy to
“You might just as well say,” added the Dormouse, who seemed to be
“You might just as well say,” added the March Hare, “that ‘I like what
“You must be,” said the Cat, “or you wouldn’t have come here.”
“You should learn not to make personal remarks,” Alice said with some
“You!” said the Caterpillar contemptuously. “Who are _you?_”
“Your hair wants cutting,” said the Hatter. He had been looking at
“You’ll get used to it in time,” said the Caterpillar; and it put the
“You’ll see me there,” said the Cat, and vanished.
“_Are_ you to get in at all?” said the Footman. “That’s the first
“_I_ call it purring, not growling,” said Alice.
“_Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle_—” and went on so long that they
“but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day! Why, I
“for I can’t understand it myself to begin with; and being so many
“just like a star-fish,” thought Alice. The poor little thing was
“they’d have been ill.”
“you shouldn’t have put it in with the bread-knife.”
“—or next day, maybe,” the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly
“—so long as I get _somewhere_,” Alice added as an explanation.








































































































































































































































































    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
(Alice began to say “I once tasted—” but checked herself hastily, and
(she had kept a piece of it in her pocket) till she was about a foot
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses
Alice a little timidly: “but it’s no use going back to yesterday,
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any
Alice could think of nothing else to say but “It belongs to the
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands,
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded. “It’s no use
Alice was rather doubtful whether she ought not to lie down on her face
Alice was thoroughly puzzled. “Does the boots and shoes!” she repeated
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought
Alice)—“and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster—”
Alice, she went on, “What’s your name, child?”
Alice.
All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling
And concluded the banquet—]
And the executioner went off like an arrow.
And the moral of that is—‘The more there is of mine, the less there is
And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark,
As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice,
But here, to Alice’s great surprise, the Duchess’s voice died away,
But she waited patiently.
But the snail replied “Too far, too far!” and gave a look askance—
But, when the tide rises and sharks are around,
By the time she had caught the flamingo and brought it back, the fight
CHAPTER IX.
CHAPTER VIII.
CHAPTER X.
Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock
Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.”
Duchess was _very_ ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the
Duchess: you’d better ask _her_ about it.”
Fainting in Coils.”
First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like the
Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two. Two began in a low
Gryphon answered, very nearly in the same words as before, “It’s all
Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, “Drive on, old fellow! Don’t be all
Gryphon.
Gryphon. “We can do without lobsters, you know. Which shall sing?”
His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie—”
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door
Knave of Hearts, who only bowed and smiled in reply.
Laughing and Grief, they used to say.”
Lobster Quadrille is!”
On which Seven looked up and said, “That’s right, Five! Always lay the
Once more she found herself in the long hall, and close to the little
Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came
Queen in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a
Queen said—”
Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.
Seaography: then Drawling—the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel,
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun “Well, of all the unjust
She had quite forgotten the Duchess by this time, and was a little
She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes. Alice thought to
So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
The Cat’s head began fading away the moment he was gone, and, by the
The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into a
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise. “What! Never heard of
The Gryphon sat up and rubbed its eyes: then it watched the Queen till
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said “Consider, my
The King’s argument was, that anything that had a head could be
The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
The Lobster Quadrille
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and drew the back of one flapper across
The Mock Turtle went on.
The Mock Turtle’s Story
The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat,
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or
The Queen smiled and passed on.
The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave “Turn
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a
The Queen’s Croquet-Ground
The Queen’s argument was, that if something wasn’t done about it in
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo:
The executioner’s argument was, that you couldn’t cut off a head unless
The further off from England the nearer is to France—
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle
The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen’s absence, and were
The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was
Then the Queen left off, quite out of breath, and said to Alice, “Have
Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
These words were followed by a very long silence, broken only by an
They are waiting on the shingle—will you come and join the dance?
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance,
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun. (If
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little
Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.”
Turtle drew a long breath, and said “That’s very curious.”
Turtle, and to hear his history. I must go back and see after some
Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had
Turtle.”
Waiting in a hot tureen!
Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon:
When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite
When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon,
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked
When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark,
When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!”
While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl,
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, will you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?
Will you, won’t you, will you, won’t you, won’t you join the dance?”
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
[later editions continued as follows
[later editions continued as follows
_red_ rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen
_that_ is—‘Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of
a bit.”
a holiday?”
a large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between
about a whiting before.”
about half no time! Take your choice!”
about her repeating “_You are old, Father William_,” to the
about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk. I can’t
about.
after it: “I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!”
all my life!”
all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly
all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody
all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time
all wash off in the sea. But they _have_ their tails in their mouths;
all. I needn’t be afraid of them!”
always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice
and Alice looked round, eager to see the Queen.
and all of them bowed low.
and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a
and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that
and sadly:—
and the cool fountains.
and the reason is—” here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his
and they walked off together.
and told me he was going a journey, I should say ‘With what porpoise?’”
and under sentence of execution.
and waited.
angrily: “really you are very dull!”
answer. “They’re done with blacking, I believe.”
anxious.)
anxiously over his shoulder as he spoke, and then raised himself upon
appear to others that what you were or might have been was not
appearance in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after
arch I’ve got to go through next walking about at the other end of the
as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited.
at her, and the Queen said severely “Who is this?” She said it to the
at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth. At last the
authority over Alice.
back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment’s delay
because I was a different person then.”
been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very
before she made her next remark. “Then the eleventh day must have been
began. Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground
begin.” He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of
begins ‘_I passed by his garden_.’”
beheaded, and that you weren’t to talk nonsense.
birthday presents like that!” But she did not venture to say it out
blame on others!”
bore it as well as she could.
bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.”
bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was
but I don’t remember where.”
but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it
but she added, to herself, “Why, they’re only a pack of cards, after
by without noticing her. Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying
complaining tone, “and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can’t hear
confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there’s the
corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with
could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious
couldn’t get them out again. That’s all.”
creatures hid their faces in their paws.
croquet-ground.
curious song about the whiting!”
day about it!” and he went on in these words:
dear: she is only a child!”
decided tone: “tell her something about the games now.”
diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did. After these came
dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute,
does very well without—Maybe it’s always pepper that makes people
down her flamingo, and began an account of the game, feeling very glad
down on one knee as he spoke, “we were trying—”
down, both of you, and don’t speak a word till I’ve finished.”
doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a
drawing of a muchness?”
elbow.”
enough for it to speak with.
escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her
even in the middle of her favourite word ‘moral,’ and the arm that was
everything that Alice said; “there’s a large mustard-mine near here.
everything’s curious today. I think I may as well go in at once.” And
evidently meant for her.
executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look
executes nobody, you know. Come on!”
executions I have ordered;” and she walked off, leaving Alice alone
eyes.—“Tell her about the reason and all that,” he said to the Gryphon.
faces, so that they couldn’t see it?” So she stood still where she was,
fall a long way. So they got their tails fast in their mouths. So they
feel a little worried.
feeling very glad that it was over at last: “and I do so like that
fellow?”
flower-pot that stood near. The three soldiers wandered about for a
fond of beheading people here; the great wonder is, that there’s any
forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly
friend.
full of tears, but said nothing.
gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen,
glass table. “Now, I’ll manage better this time,” she said to herself,
going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog
good thing!” she said to herself, for she had felt quite unhappy at the
grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and
ground as she spoke; “either you or your head must be off, and that in
ground—and I should have croqueted the Queen’s hedgehog just now, only
growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily
had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the
had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all
half to itself, half to Alice.
hastily.
have this cat removed!”
heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle. Alice was very nearly getting up and
hedgehog a blow with its head, it _would_ twist itself round and look
hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double
help thinking there _must_ be more to come, so she sat still and said
helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.
her head!” Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the
here?”
herself at last in the beautiful garden, among the bright flower-beds
herself, “I don’t see how he can _ever_ finish, if he doesn’t begin.”
herself.
high: then she walked down the little passage: and _then_—she found
his eyes. He looked at Alice, and tried to speak, but for a minute or
his fancy, that: he hasn’t got no sorrow, you know. Come on!”
history, she do.”
hot-tempered,” she went on, very much pleased at having found out a new
hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went
hurried off.
in a pleased tone.
in a wondering tone.
in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live
in reply.
in she went.
interrupted, “if you don’t explain it as you go on? It’s by far the
introduce it.”
is, you _are_ a simpleton.”
is—‘Be what you would seem to be’—or if you’d like it put more
it ran away when it saw mine coming!”
jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all
kind of rule, “and vinegar that makes them sour—and camomile that makes
kiss my hand if it likes.”
know why it’s called a whiting?”
leading right into it. “That’s very curious!” she thought. “But
least, if there are, nobody attends to them—and you’ve no idea how
led into the garden. Then she went to work nibbling at the mushroom
less than no time she’d have everybody executed, all round. (It was
like that!”
like the three gardeners, but she could not remember ever having heard
linked into hers began to tremble. Alice looked up, and there stood the
little chin.
little shriek, and went on: “—that begins with an M, such as
lobsters to the dance. So they got thrown out to sea. So they had to
looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her:
looking at the Cat’s head with great curiosity.
loud.
makes them so shiny?”
matter much,” thought Alice, “as all the arches are gone from this side
minute or two, looking for them, and then quietly marched off after the
minute.
moment Five, who had been anxiously looking across the garden, called
moment like a wild beast, screamed “Off with her head! Off—”
most confusing thing _I_ ever heard!”
mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness—you know you say
much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the
nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break. She
neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she
no business of _mine_.”
nothing.
number of executions the Queen had ordered.
occasional exclamation of “Hjckrrh!” from the Gryphon, and the constant
of course?”
of everything I’ve said as yet.”
of such a rule at processions; “and besides, what would be the use of a
of the ground.” So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not
of the sea.”
of them.” In another minute the whole head appeared, and then Alice put
of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew
of yours.’”
on, as she heard the Queen’s voice in the distance, screaming with
on.”
one left alive!”
one of them say, “Look out now, Five! Don’t go splashing paint over me
oneself speak—and they don’t seem to have any rules in particular; at
only too glad to do so.
only took the regular course.”
or courtiers, or three of her own children.
ornamented with hearts. Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens,
other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to
other; however, they got settled down in a minute or two, and the game
others.
otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be
otherwise.’”
out “The Queen! The Queen!” and the three gardeners instantly threw
painting them red. Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she
painting those roses?”
passion. She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be
people began running about in all directions, tumbling up against each
pitied him deeply. “What is his sorrow?” she asked the Gryphon, and the
please: we don’t want _you_ with us!’”
procession,” thought she, “if people had all to lie down upon their
proud as all that.”
putting things!”
puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.
question,” added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked
remark, “it’s a vegetable. It doesn’t look like one, but it is.”
replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone,
replied; “and then the different branches of Arithmetic—Ambition,
resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried
right height to rest her chin upon Alice’s shoulder, and it was an
running down his cheeks, he went on again:—
running on the song, “I’d have said to the porpoise, ‘Keep back,
sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice’s,
said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in
said “No, never”) “—so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a
savage when they met in the kitchen.
saw the White Rabbit. She was a little nervous about it just at first,
saying, “Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,” but she could not
scream of laughter. “Oh, hush!” the Rabbit whispered in a frightened
sea-shore—”
sea. The master was an old Turtle—we used to call him Tortoise—”
seen them so often, of course you know what they’re like.”
sentence of execution.”
sharp little chin into Alice’s shoulder as she added, “and the moral of
she had someone to listen to her. The Cat seemed to think that there
she spoke.
she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough,
she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said “What else had you to learn?”
she was out of sight: then it chuckled. “What fun!” said the Gryphon,
should like to hear her try and repeat something now. Tell her to
shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with her head!” about once in a
silent.
simply—‘Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might
sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came
small. “Off with his head!” she said, without even looking round.
so stingy about it, you know—”
soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran
soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so
soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
speaking to it,” she thought, “till its ears have come, or at least one
startled when she heard her voice close to her ear. “You’re thinking
stiff. And the Gryphon never learnt it.”
subjects on his flappers, “—Mystery, ancient and modern, with
sweet-tempered. I only wish people knew _that_: then they wouldn’t be
tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in
that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and
that the Queen was close behind her, listening: so she went on,
that used to come once a week: _he_ taught us Drawling, Stretching, and
that!” He got behind Alice as he spoke.
the Duchess said after a pause: “the reason is, that I’m doubtful about
the Gryphon added “Come, let’s hear some of _your_ adventures.”
the Gryphon.
the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down looking for it,
the King’s crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this
the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and
the Queen, who was passing at the moment, “My dear! I wish you would
the back. At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears
the conversation a little.
the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once,
the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into
the moral of that is—‘Birds of a feather flock together.’”
the m—”
the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a
the pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers,
the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they
the royal children, and everybody else.
the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came
the teapot.
the temper of your flamingo. Shall I try the experiment?”
the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened
their eyes and mouths so _very_ wide, but she gained courage as she
their faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of
their mouths—and they’re all over crumbs.”
their own business!”
them bitter—and—and barley-sugar and such things that make children
them out with his nose, you know?”
them over!”
them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also,
themselves flat upon their faces. There was a sound of many footsteps,
themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
themselves.’”
then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their
then, when you’ve cleared all the jelly-fish out of the way—”
there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a
thing before, and he wasn’t going to begin at _his_ time of life.
thing!” said the Queen, “and take this young lady to see the Mock
things are “much of a muchness”—did you ever see such a thing as a
things—” when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching
think—”
this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and
this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she
though still sobbing a little now and then, “we went to school in the
though. He was an old crab, _he_ was.”
thought Alice; “I might as well be at school at once.” However, she got
three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the
thunderstorm.
time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely disappeared; so
tiptoe, put his mouth close to her ear, and whispered “She’s under
to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the
to Alice for protection.
to change the subject.
to have the experiment tried.
to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so
to herself “It’s the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk
to the company generally, “You are all pardoned.” “Come, _that’s_ a
to.”
tone of great relief. “Now at _ours_ they had at the end of the bill,
tone though), “I won’t have any pepper in my kitchen _at all_. Soup
tone. “The Queen will hear you! You see, she came rather late, and the
turning to the rose-tree, she went on, “What _have_ you been doing
two sobs choked his voice. “Same as if he had a bone in his throat,”
uglifying!” it exclaimed. “You know what to beautify is, I suppose?”
uncomfortably sharp chin. However, she did not like to be rude, so she
uncommon nonsense.”
under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she
up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help
up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster
verse.”
very queer indeed:—
voice, “Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a
walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were
was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.
was over, and both the hedgehogs were out of sight: “but it doesn’t
was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know. So
watching it a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said
way through the wood. “It’s the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in
went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard
went on. Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part
went on. “Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?”
what they said.
whether it was her turn or not. So she went in search of her hedgehog.
while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.
while the rest of the party went back to the game.
who were lying round the rose-tree; for, you see, as they were lying on
wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.”
with sobs, to sing this:—
with the Gryphon. Alice did not quite like the look of the creature,
with the other players, and shouting “Off with his head!” or “Off with
wondering if anything would _ever_ happen in a natural way again.
wondering very much what would happen next.
would cost them their lives.
wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:—
yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!”
you can find it.” And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice’s side as
you don’t know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.) “Up, lazy
you see, Miss, we’re doing our best, afore she comes, to—” At this
you seen the Mock Turtle yet?”
‘French, music, _and washing_—extra.’”
‘What for?’”
’tis love, that makes the world go round!’”
“A cat may look at a king,” said Alice. “I’ve read that in some book,
“A cheap sort of present!” thought Alice. “I’m glad they don’t give
“A fine day, your Majesty!” the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
“Ah! then yours wasn’t a really good school,” said the Mock Turtle in a
“Ah, well! It means much the same thing,” said the Duchess, digging her
“And how did you manage on the twelfth?” Alice went on eagerly.
“And how many hours a day did you do lessons?” said Alice, in a hurry
“And washing?” said the Mock Turtle.
“And what are they made of?” Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
“And who are _these?_” said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners
“Are their heads off?” shouted the Queen.
“At any rate I’ll never go _there_ again!” said Alice as she picked her
“Back to land again, and that’s all the first figure,” said the Mock
“Beautiful Soup, so rich and green,
“Boots and shoes under the sea,” the Gryphon went on in a deep voice,
“But about his toes?” the Mock Turtle persisted. “How _could_ he turn
“Certainly not!” said Alice indignantly.
“Change lobsters again!” yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.
“Come on, then!” roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession,
“Come on, then,” said the Queen, “and he shall tell you his history,”
“Come, let’s try the first figure!” said the Mock Turtle to the
“Did you say ‘What a pity!’?” the Rabbit asked.
“Don’t be impertinent,” said the King, “and don’t look at me like
“Don’t you mean ‘purpose’?” said Alice.
“Each with a lobster as a partner!” cried the Gryphon.
“Everybody says ‘come on!’ here,” thought Alice, as she went slowly
“Explain all that,” said the Mock Turtle.
“Get to your places!” shouted the Queen in a voice of thunder, and
“Get up!” said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three
“Go on with the next verse,” the Gryphon repeated impatiently: “it
“Hadn’t time,” said the Gryphon: “I went to the Classics master,
“He might bite,” Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious
“Hm! No accounting for tastes! Sing her ‘_Turtle Soup_,’ will you, old
“Hold your tongue!” added the Gryphon, before Alice could speak again.
“How are you getting on?” said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth
“How do you like the Queen?” said the Cat in a low voice.
“How fond she is of finding morals in things!” Alice thought to
“How should _I_ know?” said Alice, surprised at her own courage. “It’s
“How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!”
“Hush! Hush!” said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone. He looked
“I believe so,” Alice replied thoughtfully. “They have their tails in
“I can tell you more than that, if you like,” said the Gryphon. “Do you
“I could tell you my adventures—beginning from this morning,” said
“I couldn’t afford to learn it.” said the Mock Turtle with a sigh. “I
“I couldn’t help it,” said Five, in a sulky tone; “Seven jogged my
“I dare say you’re wondering why I don’t put my arm round your waist,”
“I don’t know where Dinn may be,” said the Mock Turtle, “but if you’ve
“I don’t like the look of it at all,” said the King: “however, it may
“I don’t think they play at all fairly,” Alice began, in rather a
“I mean what I say,” the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone. And
“I never heard of ‘Uglification,’” Alice ventured to say. “What is it?”
“I never said I didn’t!” interrupted Alice.
“I never saw one, or heard of one,” said Alice.
“I never thought about it,” said Alice. “Why?”
“I never went to him,” the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: “he taught
“I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye,
“I quite agree with you,” said the Duchess; “and the moral of that
“I should like to have it explained,” said the Mock Turtle.
“I think I should understand that better,” Alice said very politely,
“Idiot!” said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to
“If I’d been the whiting,” said Alice, whose thoughts were still
“It all came different!” the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully. “I
“It must be a very pretty dance,” said Alice timidly.
“It’s a friend of mine—a Cheshire Cat,” said Alice: “allow me to
“It’s a mineral, I _think_,” said Alice.
“It’s all about as curious as it can be,” said the Gryphon.
“It’s the first position in dancing.” Alice said; but was dreadfully
“It’s the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,” said the Queen.
“It’s—it’s a very fine day!” said a timid voice at her side. She was
“I’d rather not,” the Cat remarked.
“I’ll fetch the executioner myself,” said the King eagerly, and he
“I’ll tell it her,” said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: “sit
“I’ve a right to think,” said Alice sharply, for she was beginning to
“Just about as much right,” said the Duchess, “as pigs have to fly; and
“Leave off that!” screamed the Queen. “You make me giddy.” And then,
“Let’s go on with the game,” the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too
“May it please your Majesty,” said Two, in a very humble tone, going
“My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,” said Alice very politely;
“No, I didn’t,” said Alice: “I don’t think it’s at all a pity. I said
“No, indeed,” said Alice. “What sort of a dance is it?”
“No, no! The adventures first,” said the Gryphon in an impatient tone:
“No,” said Alice. “I don’t even know what a Mock Turtle is.”
“Nonsense!” said Alice, very loudly and decidedly, and the Queen was
“Not at all,” said Alice: “she’s so extremely—” Just then she noticed
“Now, I give you fair warning,” shouted the Queen, stamping on the
“Of course it is,” said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to
“Of course it was,” said the Mock Turtle.
“Of course not,” said the Mock Turtle: “why, if a fish came to _me_,
“Of course,” the Mock Turtle said: “advance twice, set to partners—”
“Off with their heads!” and the procession moved on, three of the
“Oh, I know!” exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last
“Oh, _you_ sing,” said the Gryphon. “I’ve forgotten the words.”
“Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,” Alice
“Oh, as to the whiting,” said the Mock Turtle, “they—you’ve seen them,
“Oh, don’t talk about trouble!” said the Duchess. “I make you a present
“Once,” said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, “I was a real
“Only mustard isn’t a bird,” Alice remarked.
“Perhaps it hasn’t one,” Alice ventured to remark.
“Pray don’t trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,” said
“Really, now you ask me,” said Alice, very much confused, “I don’t
“Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,” the Mock Turtle
“Right, as usual,” said the Duchess: “what a clear way you have of
“Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?” the Gryphon
“She boxed the Queen’s ears—” the Rabbit began. Alice gave a little
“She can’t explain it,” said the Gryphon hastily. “Go on with the next
“She’s in prison,” the Queen said to the executioner: “fetch her here.”
“So he did, so he did,” said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both
“Soles and eels, of course,” the Gryphon replied rather impatiently:
“Somebody said,” Alice whispered, “that it’s done by everybody minding
“Stand up and repeat ‘’_Tis the voice of the sluggard_,’” said the
“Swim after them!” screamed the Gryphon.
“Ten hours the first day,” said the Mock Turtle: “nine the next, and so
“Thank you, it’s a very interesting dance to watch,” said Alice,
“Thank you,” said Alice, “it’s very interesting. I never knew so much
“That’s different from what _I_ used to say when I was a child,” said
“That’s enough about lessons,” the Gryphon interrupted in a very
“That’s none of _your_ business, Two!” said Seven.
“That’s nothing to what I could say if I chose,” the Duchess replied,
“That’s right!” shouted the Queen. “Can you play croquet?”
“That’s the reason they’re called lessons,” the Gryphon remarked:
“The game’s going on rather better now,” she said, by way of keeping up
“The lobsters!” shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.
“The reason is,” said the Gryphon, “that they _would_ go with the
“Their heads are gone, if it please your Majesty!” the soldiers shouted
“Then you shouldn’t talk,” said the Hatter.
“Then, you know,” the Mock Turtle went on, “you throw the—”
“There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
“There’s a porpoise close behind us, and he’s treading on my tail.
“They were obliged to have him with them,” the Mock Turtle said: “no
“Thinking again?” the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp
“This here young lady,” said the Gryphon, “she wants for to know your
“Turn a somersault in the sea!” cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly
“Tut, tut, child!” said the Duchess. “Everything’s got a moral, if only
“Two lines!” cried the Mock Turtle. “Seals, turtles, salmon, and so on;
“Very much indeed,” said Alice.
“Very true,” said the Duchess: “flamingoes and mustard both bite. And
“Very,” said Alice: “—where’s the Duchess?”
“We called him Tortoise because he taught us,” said the Mock Turtle
“We had the best of educations—in fact, we went to school every day—”
“Well, I can’t show it you myself,” the Mock Turtle said: “I’m too
“Well, I never heard it before,” said the Mock Turtle; “but it sounds
“Well, it must be removed,” said the King very decidedly, and he called
“Well, then,” the Gryphon went on, “if you don’t know what to uglify
“Well, there was Mystery,” the Mock Turtle replied, counting off the
“What _is_ the fun?” said Alice.
“What _is_ the use of repeating all that stuff,” the Mock Turtle
“What a curious plan!” exclaimed Alice.
“What for?” said Alice.
“What for?” said the one who had spoken first.
“What matters it how far we go?” his scaly friend replied.
“What was _that_ like?” said Alice.
“What was that?” inquired Alice.
“When _I’m_ a Duchess,” she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful
“When we were little,” the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly,
“Who _are_ you talking to?” said the King, going up to Alice, and
“Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn’t one?” Alice asked.
“Why, _she_,” said the Gryphon. “It’s all her fancy, that: they never
“Why, what are _your_ shoes done with?” said the Gryphon. “I mean, what
“Why,” said the Gryphon, “you first form into a line along the
“Will you walk a little faster?” said a whiting to a snail.
“With extras?” asked the Mock Turtle a little anxiously.
“Would you like to see a little of it?” said the Mock Turtle.
“Would you tell me,” said Alice, a little timidly, “why you are
“Wouldn’t it really?” said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
“Yes!” shouted Alice.
“Yes, I think you’d better leave off,” said the Gryphon: and Alice was
“Yes, it _is_ his business!” said Five, “and I’ll tell him—it was for
“Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn’t believe it—”
“Yes,” said Alice doubtfully: “it means—to—make—anything—prettier.”
“Yes,” said Alice, “I’ve often seen them at dinn—” she checked herself
“Yes,” said Alice, “we learned French and music.”
“You can really have no notion how delightful it will be
“You can’t think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!”
“You couldn’t have wanted it much,” said Alice; “living at the bottom
“You did,” said the Mock Turtle.
“You have baked me too brown, I must sugar my hair.”
“You may not have lived much under the sea—” (“I haven’t,” said
“You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple
“You shan’t be beheaded!” said Alice, and she put them into a large
“You’re wrong about the crumbs,” said the Mock Turtle: “crumbs would
“_I_ see!” said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
“_It does the boots and shoes_,” the Gryphon replied very solemnly.
“_I’ve_ been to a day-school, too,” said Alice; “you needn’t be so
“_That_ generally takes some time,” interrupted the Gryphon.
“_You’d_ better not talk!” said Five. “I heard the Queen say only
“and then,” thought she, “what would become of me? They’re dreadfully
“any shrimp could have told you that.”
“are done with a whiting. Now you know.”
“because they lessen from day to day.”
“explanations take such a dreadful time.”
“if I had it written down: but I can’t quite follow it as you say it.”
“—as far out to sea as you can—”
“—change lobsters, and retire in same order,” continued the Gryphon.
“—likely to win, that it’s hardly worth while finishing the game.”
“—you advance twice—”
“’Tis so,” said the Duchess: “and the moral of that is—‘Oh, ’tis love,
“’Tis the voice of the Lobster; I heard him declare,





























































































































































































































    (Before she had this fit)
    (We know it to be true):
    All on a summer day:
    And mentioned me to him:
    And took them quite away!”
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!
    Beautiful, beautiful Soup!”
    Beautiful, beauti—FUL SOUP!”
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Beau—ootiful Soo—oop!
    Between yourself and me.”
    But said I could not swim.
    Exactly as we were.
    For this must ever be
    Him, and ourselves, and it.
    Involved in this affair,
    Though they were mine before.
    What would become of you?
    You gave us three or more;
    https://www.gutenberg.org/1/11/
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  Literary Archive Foundation."
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  receipt of the work.
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  works.
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  you are located before using this eBook.
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
(she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard—while the
(she was obliged to say “creatures,” you see, because some of them were
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALICE’S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND ***
***** This file should be named 11-0.txt or 11-0.zip *****
1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
1.E.8.
1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
1.F.
1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
A secret, kept from all the rest,
Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates;
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders,
Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put
Alice watched the White Rabbit as he fumbled over the list, feeling
Alice’s Evidence
All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and,
An obstacle that came between
Archive Foundation
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
As soon as the jury had a little recovered from the shock of being
At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in
At this the whole pack rose up into the air, and came flying down upon
But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at
CHAPTER XI.
CHAPTER XII.
Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
DAMAGE.
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
Defect you cause.
Don’t let him know she liked them best,
Everybody looked at Alice.
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse
Forty-two. _All persons more than a mile high to leave the court_.”
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
Game, or any other dish?
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Gutenberg-tm License.
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
Gutenberg-tm electronic works
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
He sent them word I had not gone
He trusts to you to set them free,
Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter,
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
I gave her one, they gave him two,
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
If I or she should chance to be
If she should push the matter on,
International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
Just at this moment Alice felt a very curious sensation, which puzzled
King, rubbing his hands; “so now let the jury—”
King.
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
Literary Archive Foundation
Lizard’s slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs,
Majesty,” he began, “for bringing these in: but I hadn’t quite finished
Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
My notion was that you had been
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked. This of course, Alice
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
Rabbit interrupted: “_Un_important, your Majesty means, of course,” he
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
START: FULL LICENSE
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm
Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
She gave me a good character,
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might,
So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in
Some of the jury wrote it down “important,” and some “unimportant.”
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
THE END 
THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice,
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily. “Consider your
The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts,
The Knave shook his head sadly. “Do I look like it?” he said. (Which he
The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
The White Rabbit put on his spectacles. “Where shall I begin, please
The first witness was the Hatter. He came in with a teacup in one hand
The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the
The jury all wrote down on their slates, “_She_ doesn’t believe there’s
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by—the
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went
The next witness was the Duchess’s cook. She carried the pepper-box in
The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on slates. “What are
There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really
These were the verses the White Rabbit read:—
They all returned from him to you,
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting
This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
Turn that Dormouse out of court! Suppress him! Pinch him! Off with his
Turtle.
Turtle’s heavy sobs.
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
United States without permission and without paying copyright
Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; “this paper has just been
Who Stole the Tarts?
Who would not give all else for two p
Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all
a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt,
a memorandum of the fact.
about the twentieth time that day.
about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
accident, all except the Lizard, who seemed too much overcome to do
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
after folding his arms and frowning at the cook till his eyes were
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
again—‘_before she had this fit_—’ you never had fits, my dear, I
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
all brightened up again.)
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
all the jurymen are back in their proper places—_all_,” he repeated
an atom of meaning in it,” but none of them attempted to explain the
an atom of meaning in it.”
and a piece of bread-and-butter in the other. “I beg pardon, your
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
and added “It isn’t a letter, after all: it’s a set of verses.”
and make _their_ eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
and she could even make out that one of them didn’t know how to spell
and this was her dream:—
animals, and some were birds,) “I suppose they are the jurors.” She
answered “Come on!” and ran the faster, while more and more faintly
anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
anything but sit with its mouth open, gazing up into the roof of the
applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the
approach us with offers to donate.
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
around it—once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them—all sorts of little
as it lasted.)
as long as there was room for her.
as she spoke. (The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
at all what had become of it; so, after hunting all about for it, he
be renamed.
began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long
began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident
beginning of this work.
birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was
bread-and-butter getting so thin—and the twinkling of the tea—”
bread-and-butter.
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:—
cannot be read by your equipment.
can’t prove I did: there’s no name signed at the end.”
certainly did _not_, being made entirely of cardboard.)
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children,
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
clever thing the King had said that day.
come to the end: then stop.”
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
could _not_ stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and
could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends
country other than the United States.
course—‘_I gave her one, they gave him two_—’ why, that must be what he
court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so
court with a smile. There was a dead silence.
court!” and the King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round,
court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse. “Fourteenth of March, I _think_ it
court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
court,” and I never understood what it meant till now.”
court.
cries to the voice of the shepherd boy—and the sneeze of the baby, the
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
days.
deal to come before that!”
dear, _you_ must cross-examine the next witness. It quite makes my
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.
did with the tarts, you know—”
disappeared.
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
distance.
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate
down on one knee. “I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” he began.
dream, dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it’s getting late.”
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
edition.
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.
ennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
everything about her, to pass away the time.
executed, whether you’re nervous or not.”
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
explain to you how it was done. They had a large canvas bag, which tied
facility: www.gutenberg.org
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock
forehead ache!”
forth in Section 3 below.
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool—she
from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his
from people in all walks of life.
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
get the trial done,” she thought, “and hand round the refreshments!”
girls of her age knew the meaning of it at all. However, “jury-men”
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.
good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them—“I wish they’d
got it out again, and put it right; “not that it signifies much,” she
grow larger again, and she thought at first she would get up and leave
had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, “It _was_ a curious
had!”
hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other. In the very middle of the
hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all
hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
have you executed on the spot.”
haven’t got much evidence _yet_,” she said to herself. Imagine her
he spoke.
head first, and then sat upon it.)
head in the lap of her sister, who was gently brushing away some dead
her a good deal until she made out what it was: she was beginning to
her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the
her wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion,
her: she gave a little scream, half of fright and half of anger, and
herself, “because of his great wig.”
him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one
his note-book, cackled out “Silence!” and read out from his book, “Rule
idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
interrupting him,) “I’ll give him sixpence. _I_ don’t believe there’s
jury-box, or they would die.
just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers
just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White
keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her
know,” he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at
large in the last few minutes that she wasn’t a bit afraid of
large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such
laughed, “Let the jury consider their verdict,” the King said, for
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
leaves that had fluttered down from the trees upon her face.
letter, written by the prisoner to—to somebody.”
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
license, especially commercial redistribution.
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
little voice, the name “Alice!”
looking up into hers—she could hear the very tones of her voice, and
lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
moved.
muddle their slates’ll be in before the trial’s over!” thought Alice.
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
my tea when I was sent for.”
nearly out of sight, he said in a deep voice, “What are tarts made of?”
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
next to her. “I can hardly breathe.”
next witness.” And he added in an undertone to the Queen, “Really, my
nobody, which isn’t usual, you know.”
nothing written on the _outside_.” He unfolded the paper as he spoke,
nothing, being fast asleep.
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
of my own. I’m a hatter.”
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
of the court, “Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!”
of the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
off, without waiting for the end of the song.
off.
officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get
on better.”
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
on which the wretched Hatter trembled so, that he shook both his shoes
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution—once more the pig-baby
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
paper.
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
picked up.”
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
proud of it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little
provided that:
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
regular rule: you invented it just now.”
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
remaining provisions.
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as
said this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather
said to herself; “I should think it would be _quite_ as much use in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair
seemed to listen, the whole place around her became alive with the
sentence first!”
shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen
shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change
sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange
slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate
status with the IRS.
stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, “Silence in the
strange creatures of her little sister’s dream.
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill
tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move. She soon
take me for a dunce? Go on!”
tarts on the table. “Nothing can be clearer than _that_. Then
teacups would change to tinkling sheep-bells, and the Queen’s shrill
that _would_ always get into her eyes—and still as she listened, or
that all the jurors were writing down “stupid things!” on their slates,
that ridiculous fashion.” And he got up very sulkily and crossed over
that the poor little juror (it was Bill, the Lizard) could not make out
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
that—only the March Hare said—”
the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
the court; but on second thoughts she decided to remain where she was
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
the name of nearly everything there. “That’s the judge,” she said to
the newspapers, at the end of trials, “There was some attempts at
the officers of the court. (As that is rather a hard word, I will just
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer
them with one eye; “I seem to see some meaning in them, after all.
them, they set to work very diligently to write out a history of the
they doing?” Alice whispered to the Gryphon. “They can’t have anything
they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of
thing about it.” (The jury all looked puzzled.)
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
think?” he said to the Queen.
this time.) “You’re nothing but a pack of cards!”
three blasts on the trumpet, and called out, “First witness!”
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
to himself in an undertone,
to make out who was talking.
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
to put down yet, before the trial’s begun.”
to repeat it, when a cry of “The trial’s beginning!” was heard in the
to the Knave.
to the door.
to the other side of the court.
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
too.”
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
trial one way up as the other.”
tried to beat them off, and found herself lying on the bank, with her
trouble, you know, as we needn’t try to find any. And yet I don’t
turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:—
up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig,
upset, and their slates and pencils had been found and handed back to
upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
verdict,” he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
verses to himself: “‘_We know it to be true_—’ that’s the jury, of
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
very curious to see what the next witness would be like, “—for they
very soon found an opportunity of taking it away. She did it so quickly
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
volunteer support.
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
was obliged to write with one finger for the rest of the day; and this
was of very little use, as it left no mark on the slate.
was sneezing on the Duchess’s knee, while plates and dishes crashed
was,” he said.
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
what a wonderful dream it had been.
what they’re about!”
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
which word sounded best.
whiskers!”
who turned pale and fidgeted.
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds—the rattling
with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said so.
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
without even waiting to put his shoes on.
without further opportunities to fix the problem.
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
worse. You _must_ have meant some mischief, or else you’d have signed
would change to dull reality—the grass would be only rustling in the
would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all
would have done just as well.
would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and
www.gutenberg.org
www.gutenberg.org/license.
you share it without charge with others.
your Majesty?” he asked.
your name like an honest man.”
“After that,” continued the Hatter, “I cut some more bread-and-butter—”
“All right, so far,” said the King, and he went on muttering over the
“And that’s the jury-box,” thought Alice, “and those twelve creatures,”
“Are they in the prisoner’s handwriting?” asked another of the jurymen.
“Beautiful Soup! Who cares for fish,
“Begin at the beginning,” the King said gravely, “and go on till you
“But what did the Dormouse say?” one of the jury asked.
“But, it goes on ‘_they all returned from him to you_,’” said Alice.
“Call the first witness,” said the King; and the White Rabbit blew
“Call the next witness!” said the King.
“Chorus again!” cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun
“Collar that Dormouse,” the Queen shrieked out. “Behead that Dormouse!
“Come on!” cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried
“Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!” thought Alice. “Now we shall get
“Consider your verdict,” the King said to the jury.
“Don’t talk nonsense,” said Alice more boldly: “you know you’re growing
“Fifteenth,” said the March Hare.
“Give your evidence,” said the King.
“Give your evidence,” said the King; “and don’t be nervous, or I’ll
“Give your evidence,” the King repeated angrily, “or I’ll have you
“He denies it,” said the King: “leave out that part.”
“He must have imitated somebody else’s hand,” said the King. (The jury
“Herald, read the accusation!” said the King.
“Here!” cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how
“Hold your tongue!” said the Queen, turning purple.
“I can’t go no lower,” said the Hatter: “I’m on the floor, as it is.”
“I can’t help it,” said Alice very meekly: “I’m growing.”
“I deny it!” said the March Hare.
“I didn’t!” the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.
“I haven’t opened it yet,” said the White Rabbit, “but it seems to be a
“I keep them to sell,” the Hatter added as an explanation; “I’ve none
“I wish you wouldn’t squeeze so.” said the Dormouse, who was sitting
“I won’t!” said Alice.
“If any one of them can explain it,” said Alice, (she had grown so
“If that’s all you know about it, you may stand down,” continued the
“If there’s no meaning in it,” said the King, “that saves a world of
“If you didn’t sign it,” said the King, “that only makes the matter
“It _began_ with the tea,” the Hatter replied.
“It isn’t directed at all,” said the White Rabbit; “in fact, there’s
“It isn’t mine,” said the Hatter.
“It must have been that,” said the King, “unless it was written to
“It proves nothing of the sort!” said Alice. “Why, you don’t even know
“It’s a pun!” the King added in an offended tone, and everybody
“It’s the oldest rule in the book,” said the King.
“I’d rather finish my tea,” said the Hatter, with an anxious look at
“I’m a poor man, your Majesty,” the Hatter began, in a trembling voice,
“I’m a poor man,” the Hatter went on, “and most things twinkled after
“I’m glad I’ve seen that done,” thought Alice. “I’ve so often read in
“Nearly two miles high,” added the Queen.
“Never mind!” said the King, with an air of great relief. “Call the
“Never!” said the Queen furiously, throwing an inkstand at the Lizard
“No, no!” said the Queen. “Sentence first—verdict afterwards.”
“No, they’re not,” said the White Rabbit, “and that’s the queerest
“Not yet, not yet!” the Rabbit hastily interrupted. “There’s a great
“Nothing _whatever?_” persisted the King.
“Nothing whatever,” said Alice.
“Nothing,” said Alice.
“Of course twinkling begins with a T!” said the King sharply. “Do you
“Off with her head!” the Queen shouted at the top of her voice. Nobody
“Oh, I _beg_ your pardon!” she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and
“Oh, I’ve had such a curious dream!” said Alice, and she told her
“Pepper, mostly,” said the cook.
“Please your Majesty,” said the Knave, “I didn’t write it, and they
“Read them,” said the King.
“Shan’t,” said the cook.
“Sixteenth,” added the Dormouse.
“Soo—oop of the e—e—evening,
“Stuff and nonsense!” said Alice loudly. “The idea of having the
“Stupid things!” Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she
“Take off your hat,” the King said to the Hatter.
“That I can’t remember,” said the Hatter.
“That _proves_ his guilt,” said the Queen.
“That’s the most important piece of evidence we’ve heard yet,” said the
“That’s very important,” the King said, turning to the jury. They were
“The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts,
“The trial cannot proceed,” said the King in a very grave voice, “until
“The twinkling of the _what?_” said the King.
“Then it ought to be Number One,” said Alice.
“Then the words don’t _fit_ you,” said the King, looking round the
“Then you may _sit_ down,” the King replied.
“There’s more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,” said the
“They told me you had been to her,
“They’re putting down their names,” the Gryphon whispered in reply,
“Treacle,” said a sleepy voice behind her.
“Wake up, Alice dear!” said her sister; “Why, what a long sleep you’ve
“Well, I shan’t go, at any rate,” said Alice: “besides, that’s not a
“Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said—” the Hatter went on, looking
“Well, if I must, I must,” the King said, with a melancholy air, and,
“What do you know about this business?” the King said to Alice.
“What trial is it?” Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only
“What’s in it?” said the Queen.
“Who cares for you?” said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by
“Who is it directed to?” said one of the jurymen.
“Why, there they are!” said the King triumphantly, pointing to the
“Write that down,” the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly
“Yes, but _I_ grow at a reasonable pace,” said the Dormouse: “not in
“You _must_ remember,” remarked the King, “or I’ll have you executed.”
“You are,” said the King.
“You did!” said the Hatter.
“You may go,” said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court,
“You ought to have finished,” said the King. “When did you begin?”
“Your Majesty must cross-examine _this_ witness.”
“You’re a _very_ poor _speaker_,” said the King.
“You’ve no right to grow _here_,” said the Dormouse.
“_I’m_ not a mile high,” said Alice.
“_Stolen!_” the King exclaimed, turning to the jury, who instantly made
“_Un_important, of course, I meant,” the King hastily said, and went on
“but it doesn’t matter a bit,” she thought to herself.
“for fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.”
“important—unimportant—unimportant—important—” as if he were trying
“stupid,” and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him. “A nice
“—_said I could not swim_—” you can’t swim, can you?” he added, turning
“—and I hadn’t begun my tea—not above a week or so—and what with the
“—and just take his head off outside,” the Queen added to one of the
a	695
abide	2
able	1
about	102
above	3
absence	1
absurd	2
accept	1
acceptance	1
accepted	2
accepting	1
access	10
accessed	1
accessible	1
accident	2
accidentally	1
accordance	2
account	1
accounting	1
accounts	1
accusation	1
accustomed	1
ache	1
across	5
act	1
active	2
actual	1
actually	1
ada	1
added	23
adding	1
addition	1
additional	3
additions	1
address	1
addressed	2
addresses	1
addressing	1
adjourn	1
adoption	1
advance	3
advantage	3
adventures	11
advice	3
advisable	2
advise	1
affair	1
affectionately	1
afford	1
afore	1
afraid	12
after	43
afterwards	2
again	83
against	10
age	4
aged	1
agent	1
ago	2
agony	1
agree	11
agreed	1
agreement	18
ah	5
ahem	1
air	15
airs	1
alarm	2
alarmed	1
alas	4
alice	403
alive	3
all	200
allow	4
almost	8
alone	5
along	6
aloud	5
already	3
also	4
alteration	1
altered	1
alternate	1
alternately	1
altogether	5
always	13
am	16
ambition	1
among	12
an	62
ancient	1
and	942
anger	2
angrily	9
angry	5
animal	2
animals	4
ann	4
annoy	1
annoyed	1
another	22
answer	9
answered	4
answers	1
antipathies	1
anxious	3
anxiously	14
any	76
anyone	5
anything	22
anywhere	3
appealed	1
appear	3
appearance	1
appeared	8
appearing	2
appears	1
applause	1
apple	1
apples	2
applicable	3
apply	1
approach	1
arch	1
archbishop	2
arches	4
archive	13
are	77
argue	1
argued	1
argument	4
arguments	1
arise	1
arithmetic	1
arm	15
arms	6
around	3
arranged	1
array	1
arrived	1
arrow	1
arrum	1
arthur	1
as	274
ascii	2
ashamed	2
ask	11
askance	1
asked	17
asking	5
asleep	8
assembled	2
assistance	1
associated	8
at	225
ate	1
atheling	1
atom	2
attached	1
attempt	1
attempted	1
attempts	1
attended	1
attending	3
attends	1
audibly	1
australia	1
author	1
authority	2
available	2
avoid	1
away	28
awfully	1
axes	1
axis	1
b	2
baby	14
back	39
backs	1
bad	2
bag	1
baked	1
balanced	1
balls	1
bank	3
banks	1
banquet	1
bark	2
barking	1
barley	1
barrowful	2
based	2
bat	3
bathing	1
bats	4
bawled	1
be	167
beak	1
bear	2
beast	1
beasts	2
beat	4
beating	2
beau	4
beauti	1
beautiful	13
beautifully	2
beautify	1
became	2
because	16
become	5
becoming	1
bed	1
beds	2
bee	1
been	38
before	42
beg	8
began	58
begged	1
begin	13
beginning	15
begins	4
begun	7
behead	1
beheaded	3
beheading	1
behind	13
being	19
believe	9
believed	1
bells	1
belong	1
belongs	2
beloved	1
below	6
belt	1
bend	2
bent	1
besides	4
best	12
better	14
between	6
bill	18
binary	1
bird	2
birds	10
birthday	1
bit	16
bite	2
bitter	1
blacking	1
blades	1
blame	1
blasts	2
bleeds	1
blew	2
blow	2
blown	1
blows	1
blue	1
body	2
boldly	1
bone	1
bones	1
book	11
books	2
boon	1
boots	4
bore	1
both	15
bother	1
bottle	10
bottom	4
bough	1
bound	3
bowed	4
bowing	1
box	10
boxed	1
boy	3
brain	1
branch	1
branches	2
brandy	1
brass	1
brave	1
breach	2
bread	7
break	2
breath	4
breathe	3
breeze	1
bright	8
brightened	2
bring	3
bringing	3
bristling	1
broke	2
broken	6
brother	1
brought	3
brown	2
brush	1
brushing	1
burn	2
burning	1
burnt	1
burst	1
bursting	1
busily	4
business	8
busy	2
but	174
butter	9
buttercup	1
buttered	1
butterfly	1
buttons	1
by	86
bye	2
c	5
cackled	1
cake	3
cakes	3
calculate	1
calculated	1
call	9
called	15
calling	1
calmly	1
came	40
camomile	1
can	73
canary	1
candle	3
cannot	5
canterbury	1
canvas	1
capering	1
capital	4
card	1
cardboard	1
cards	3
care	4
carefully	3
cares	2
carried	4
carrier	1
carroll	3
carry	2
carrying	2
cart	1
cartwheels	1
case	5
cat	37
catch	4
catching	2
caterpillar	29
cats	13
cattle	1
caucus	4
caught	3
cauldron	2
cause	5
caused	2
cautiously	3
cease	1
ceiling	1
centre	1
certain	5
certainly	14
chain	1
chains	1
chair	1
chance	4
chanced	1
change	15
changed	8
changes	2
changing	2
chapter	24
character	2
charge	6
charges	2
charitable	1
charities	1
chatte	1
cheap	1
cheated	1
check	4
checked	3
checks	1
cheeks	1
cheered	3
cheerfully	1
cherry	1
cheshire	7
chief	1
child	11
childhood	1
children	10
chimney	6
chimneys	1
chin	7
choice	2
choke	1
choked	3
choking	1
choose	1
choosing	1
chop	1
chorus	6
chose	2
christmas	1
chrysalis	1
chuckled	1
circle	1
circumstances	1
city	1
civil	3
claim	1
clamour	1
clapping	1
clasped	1
classics	1
claws	2
clean	1
clear	2
cleared	1
clearer	1
clearly	2
clever	2
climb	1
clinging	1
clock	5
close	13
closed	2
closely	1
closer	1
clubs	1
coast	1
coaxing	2
codes	1
coils	1
cold	1
collar	1
collected	2
collection	4
come	47
comes	2
comfits	2
comfort	1
comfortable	1
comfortably	1
coming	9
commercial	1
committed	1
common	1
commotion	1
company	1
compilation	1
complained	1
complaining	1
completely	1
compliance	5
comply	6
complying	3
compressed	1
computer	2
computers	2
concept	2
concerning	2
concert	2
concluded	2
conclusion	2
condemn	1
conduct	1
confirmation	1
confirmed	1
confused	4
confusing	3
confusion	5
conger	1
conqueror	2
conquest	1
consented	1
consequential	1
consider	4
considerable	2
considered	3
considering	3
constant	3
consultation	1
contact	4
contain	2
containing	1
contempt	1
contemptuous	1
contemptuously	2
content	1
contents	1
continued	9
contract	1
contradicted	1
contributions	2
conversation	9
conversations	2
convert	1
cook	13
cool	2
copied	2
copies	7
copy	12
copying	4
copyright	20
corner	4
corners	1
corporation	1
corrupt	1
cost	4
costs	2
could	78
couldn	9
counting	1
countries	1
country	5
couple	1
couples	1
courage	3
course	27
court	18
courtiers	2
coward	1
crab	3
crash	3
crashed	1
crawled	1
crawling	1
crazy	1
created	2
creating	4
creation	1
creature	4
creatures	10
credit	1
creep	1
crept	1
cried	20
cries	1
crimson	2
critical	1
crocodile	1
croquet	10
croqueted	1
croqueting	1
cross	3
crossed	3
crossly	1
crouched	1
crowd	4
crowded	5
crown	3
crumbs	4
crust	1
cry	3
crying	2
cucumber	2
cunning	1
cup	2
cupboards	2
cur	1
curiosity	5
curious	19
curiouser	2
curled	2
curls	1
curly	1
currants	1
current	1
curtain	1
curtsey	1
curtseying	1
curving	1
cushion	2
custard	1
custody	2
cut	5
cutting	1
d	30
dainties	1
daisies	1
daisy	1
damage	2
damaged	1
damages	4
dance	13
dancing	2
dare	5
daresay	1
dark	3
darkness	1
data	1
date	3
dates	1
daughter	1
david	1
day	29
days	8
dead	4
deal	12
dear	29
dears	3
death	1
decided	3
decidedly	4
declare	2
declared	1
deductible	1
deep	7
deepest	1
deeply	4
defect	3
defective	3
defects	1
delay	1
deletions	1
delight	3
delighted	2
delightful	2
demand	1
denial	1
denied	2
denies	1
deny	2
denying	1
depends	2
derision	1
derivative	3
derive	1
derived	1
described	1
deserved	1
desk	1
desks	1
despair	1
desperate	1
desperately	1
despite	1
destroy	2
detach	1
determine	1
diamonds	1
dibianca	1
did	63
didn	14
die	1
died	1
different	10
difficult	2
difficulties	1
difficulty	4
dig	1
digging	4
diligently	1
dinah	14
dinn	2
dinner	2
dipped	2
direct	1
directed	2
direction	5
directions	3
directly	3
disagree	1
disappeared	2
disappointment	1
disclaim	1
disclaimer	3
disclaimers	1
discontinue	1
discover	1
discovered	1
disgust	1
dish	4
dishes	2
disk	1
dismay	1
disobey	1
display	1
displayed	1
displaying	4
dispute	2
distance	8
distant	2
distraction	1
distribute	6
distributed	4
distributing	7
distribution	6
distributor	1
dive	1
do	97
dodged	1
dodo	13
does	11
doesn	16
dog	3
dogs	3
doing	5
domain	2
don	61
donate	5
donation	1
donations	15
done	15
donors	1
door	30
doors	2
doorway	1
dormouse	40
doth	3
double	1
doubled	1
doubling	1
doubt	4
doubtful	2
doubtfully	2
down	103
downloading	1
downward	1
downwards	1
doze	1
dozing	1
draggled	1
draw	7
drawing	1
drawling	3
dreadful	2
dreadfully	6
dream	7
dreamed	1
dreaming	1
dreamy	1
dressed	1
drew	5
dried	1
driest	1
drink	7
drinking	1
dripping	1
drive	2
drop	1
dropped	5
dropping	1
drowned	1
drunk	2
dry	8
duchess	42
duck	4
dull	3
dunce	1
e	29
each	9
eager	3
eagerly	8
eaglet	3
ear	6
earls	2
earnestly	2
ears	5
earth	4
easily	4
easy	3
eat	18
eaten	1
eating	1
eats	1
ebook	13
ebooks	7
edgar	1
edge	3
edition	2
editions	6
educational	1
educations	1
edwin	2
eel	2
eels	1
effect	3
effort	2
efforts	3
egg	1
eggs	5
eh	1
ein	1
either	11
elbow	3
elbows	1
elect	1
electronic	27
electronically	2
elegant	1
eleventh	1
else	12
elsie	1
em	3
email	2
emphasis	1
employee	1
employees	1
empty	1
encoding	1
encourage	1
encouraged	1
encouraging	2
end	19
ending	2
energetic	1
engaged	1
engine	1
england	1
english	7
engraved	1
enjoy	1
ennyworth	1
enormous	1
enough	18
ensuring	1
entangled	2
entirely	2
entity	3
entrance	1
equipment	3
errors	1
escape	4
especially	1
esq	1
est	1
even	20
evening	5
ever	22
every	12
everybody	8
everything	14
evidence	8
evidently	1
exact	1
exactly	8
examine	2
examining	1
excellent	2
except	8
exclaimed	6
exclamation	1
exclusion	1
execute	1
executed	6
executes	1
execution	3
executioner	6
executions	2
exempt	2
existence	1
exists	1
expected	1
expecting	3
expend	1
expense	1
expenses	2
experiment	2
explain	10
explained	1
explanation	4
explanations	1
exporting	1
express	1
expressing	1
expression	1
extent	1
extra	1
extraordinary	2
extras	1
extremely	2
eye	7
eyed	1
eyelids	1
eyes	29
f	11
face	15
faces	5
facility	1
fact	8
fading	1
failure	1
faint	1
fainting	1
faintly	1
fair	1
fairly	1
fairy	1
fall	7
fallen	4
falling	2
familiarly	1
family	1
fan	10
fancied	2
fancy	7
fancying	1
fanned	1
fanning	1
far	13
farm	1
farmer	1
farther	1
fashion	2
fast	4
faster	3
fat	1
father	6
favoured	1
favourite	1
fear	4
feared	1
feather	1
feathers	1
federal	2
fee	8
feeble	2
feebly	1
feel	8
feeling	7
feelings	2
fees	4
feet	19
fell	6
fellow	4
fellows	1
felt	23
fender	1
ferrets	2
fetch	7
few	10
fidgeted	1
field	1
fifteen	1
fifteenth	1
fifth	1
fig	1
fight	2
fighting	1
figure	3
figures	1
file	2
files	2
filled	3
fills	1
financial	1
find	21
finding	3
finds	1
fine	2
finger	5
finish	5
finished	12
finishing	1
fire	4
fireplace	1
first	51
fish	8
fishes	1
fit	3
fitness	1
fits	1
fitted	1
five	8
fix	2
fixed	1
flame	1
flamingo	5
flamingoes	2
flapper	1
flappers	1
flashed	1
flat	2
flavour	1
flew	1
flinging	1
flock	1
floor	3
flower	2
flowers	2
flown	1
flung	1
flurry	1
flustered	1
fluttered	1
fly	3
flying	1
folded	3
folding	1
follow	3
followed	8
following	4
follows	3
fond	4
foolish	1
foot	10
footman	14
footmen	1
footsteps	2
for	179
forehead	2
forepaws	1
forget	2
forgetting	3
forgot	2
forgotten	6
fork	1
form	5
format	4
formats	2
forth	8
fortunately	1
forty	2
forwards	1
found	35
foundation	25
fountains	2
four	8
fourteenth	1
fourth	1
frame	1
frames	1
france	1
free	8
freely	4
french	4
friend	3
friends	2
fright	2
frighten	1
frightened	7
frog	3
from	52
front	2
frontispiece	1
frowning	4
frying	1
ful	1
fulcrum	1
full	19
fumbled	1
fun	3
funny	3
fur	3
furious	1
furiously	1
furrow	1
furrows	1
further	4
fury	3
future	3
gained	1
gallons	1
game	13
games	1
garden	16
gardeners	8
gather	1
gave	15
gay	1
gazing	1
general	6
generally	7
generations	2
gently	3
geography	1
get	46
getting	22
giddy	2
girl	4
girls	3
give	16
given	2
giving	2
glad	11
glanced	1
glaring	1
glass	10
globe	1
gloomily	1
gloves	11
go	50
goals	1
goes	7
going	27
golden	7
goldfish	2
gone	13
good	27
goose	2
got	45
govern	1
graceful	1
grammar	1
grand	3
grant	1
granted	1
grass	4
gratefully	1
grave	3
gravely	3
gravy	1
grazed	1
great	39
green	4
grew	1
grey	1
grief	1
grin	6
grinned	3
grinning	1
grins	1
gross	1
ground	9
group	1
grow	13
growing	11
growl	3
growled	1
growling	1
growls	1
grown	7
grumbled	1
grunt	1
grunted	4
gryphon	55
guard	1
guess	3
guessed	3
guests	3
guilt	1
guinea	6
gutenberg	98
had	178
hadn	8
hair	7
half	23
hall	9
hand	21
handed	3
hands	12
handsome	1
handwriting	1
hanging	3
happen	8
happened	7
happening	1
happens	5
happy	1
hard	8
hardly	12
hare	31
harm	1
harmless	1
hart	1
has	9
hasn	2
haste	1
hastily	16
hat	1
hatching	1
hate	2
hated	1
hatter	56
hatters	1
have	87
haven	8
having	10
he	128
head	50
heads	10
heap	1
hear	15
heard	30
hearing	4
heart	2
hearth	1
hearthrug	1
hearts	8
heavy	2
hedge	2
hedgehog	7
hedgehogs	3
hedges	1
heels	1
height	5
held	4
help	12
helped	1
helpless	1
her	248
herald	1
here	51
hers	4
herself	83
hid	1
hide	1
high	16
highest	1
him	43
himself	6
hint	2
hippopotamus	1
his	96
hiss	1
histories	1
history	7
hit	2
hjckrrh	1
hm	1
hoarse	3
hoarsely	1
hold	11
holder	4
holding	3
hole	6
holiday	1
hollow	1
home	5
honest	1
honour	4
hookah	5
hope	4
hoped	1
hopeful	1
hopeless	1
hoping	3
horse	1
hot	7
hour	2
hours	4
house	18
housemaid	1
houses	1
how	72
however	21
howled	1
howling	3
https	1
humble	1
humbly	2
hundred	1
hundreds	1
hung	1
hungry	3
hunting	3
hurried	11
hurriedly	2
hurry	11
hurrying	1
hurt	3
hush	3
hypertext	1
i	546
idea	15
identification	1
identify	1
idiot	1
idiotic	1
if	118
ignorant	1
ii	2
iii	2
ill	2
illustration	1
imagine	2
imitated	1
immediate	3
immediately	3
immense	1
impatient	1
impatiently	5
impertinent	1
implied	2
important	10
imposed	1
impossible	3
improve	1
in	435
inaccurate	1
incessantly	1
inches	6
incidental	1
inclined	1
include	1
included	3
includes	1
including	9
incomplete	1
increasing	1
indeed	16
indemnify	1
indemnity	1
indicate	1
indicating	1
indignant	1
indignantly	4
indirect	1
indirectly	1
individual	4
information	8
infringement	1
injure	1
ink	1
inkstand	1
inquired	1
inquisitively	1
inside	2
insolence	1
instance	3
instantly	5
instead	3
insult	1
intellectual	2
interest	1
interesting	5
internal	1
international	1
interpreted	1
interrupt	1
interrupted	9
interrupting	2
into	67
introduce	2
introduced	1
invalidity	1
invent	1
invented	1
invitation	2
invited	2
involved	1
inwards	1
irons	1
irritated	1
irs	1
is	131
isn	7
it	610
its	60
itself	14
iv	2
ix	2
jack	1
january	1
jar	2
jaw	1
jaws	2
jelly	1
jogged	1
join	9
joined	3
journey	1
joys	1
judge	4
judging	1
jug	1
jumped	6
jumping	4
juror	1
jurors	4
jury	22
jurymen	4
just	52
justice	1
keep	13
keeping	4
kept	13
kettle	1
key	9
kick	3
kid	5
kill	1
killing	1
kills	1
kind	8
kindly	2
king	63
kings	1
kiss	1
kissed	1
kitchen	4
knave	9
knee	5
kneel	1
knelt	1
knew	15
knife	3
knock	1
knocked	1
knocking	3
knot	2
know	88
knowing	2
knowledge	3
known	1
knows	2
knuckles	1
label	2
labelled	1
lacie	1
lad	1
ladder	1
lady	3
laid	2
lake	1
lamps	1
land	1
language	1
languid	1
lap	2
large	33
larger	7
largest	1
lark	1
last	33
lasted	2
lastly	1
late	6
lately	1
later	3
latin	1
latitude	2
laugh	1
laughed	2
laughing	2
laughter	1
law	9
laws	10
lay	4
lazily	1
lazy	1
leaders	1
leading	1
leaning	2
leant	1
leap	1
learn	8
learned	1
learning	2
learnt	2
least	9
leave	9
leaves	6
leaving	1
led	4
ledge	1
left	14
lefthand	2
legal	2
legally	1
legged	2
legs	3
length	1
less	4
lessen	1
lesson	3
lessons	10
lest	1
let	22
letter	3
letters	1
lewis	3
liability	3
liable	1
library	1
license	18
licensed	1
licking	1
lie	2
lieu	2
life	13
lifted	1
like	85
liked	6
likely	5
likes	1
limbs	1
limitation	3
limited	5
line	2
lines	1
linked	2
links	3
lips	1
list	3
listen	7
listened	1
listeners	1
listening	3
lit	1
literary	13
little	129
live	8
lived	3
livery	3
lives	4
living	2
lizard	6
ll	57
lobster	8
lobsters	7
located	7
locations	1
lock	1
locked	1
locks	2
lodging	1
london	1
lonely	2
long	34
longed	2
longer	3
longitude	2
look	29
looked	45
looking	32
loose	2
lory	7
lose	1
losing	1
lost	3
lot	1
loud	6
louder	1
loudly	3
love	3
loveliest	1
lovely	2
loving	1
low	15
lower	1
lowing	1
luckily	2
lullaby	1
lying	8
m	63
ma	3
mabel	4
machine	1
machines	1
mad	16
made	30
magic	1
magpie	1
mail	1
main	1
maintaining	1
majesty	12
make	30
makes	12
making	8
mallets	1
man	5
manage	7
managed	4
manager	1
managing	1
manner	2
manners	1
many	14
maps	1
march	34
marched	1
mark	3
marked	8
marmalade	1
mary	4
master	4
matter	9
matters	2
maximum	1
may	28
maybe	2
mayn	1
me	68
meal	1
mean	10
meaning	8
means	8
meant	5
meanwhile	1
measure	1
meat	1
medium	5
meekly	2
meet	3
meeting	1
melancholy	6
memorandum	1
memory	1
men	1
mentioned	3
merchantability	1
mercia	2
merely	2
merrily	1
messages	2
met	4
method	1
methods	1
mice	4
michael	1
middle	8
might	28
mile	2
miles	3
milk	2
millennium	1
mind	11
minded	1
minding	1
mine	10
mineral	1
minute	21
minutes	11
mischief	1
miserable	2
miss	4
missed	2
mission	4
mississippi	1
mistake	3
mixed	2
mock	57
moderate	1
modern	1
modification	1
modified	1
moment	31
money	3
month	2
moon	1
moral	8
morals	1
morcar	2
more	50
morning	5
morsel	1
most	14
mostly	2
mournful	1
mournfully	1
mouse	44
mouth	10
mouths	4
move	3
moved	5
moving	3
much	52
muchness	3
muddle	1
multiplication	1
murder	1
murdering	1
muscular	1
mushroom	8
music	3
must	54
mustard	3
muttered	2
muttering	3
my	58
myself	7
mystery	2
name	11
named	1
names	2
narrow	2
nasty	1
natural	4
natured	1
naturedly	1
nay	1
near	15
nearer	5
nearly	13
neat	1
neatly	2
necessarily	1
neck	7
need	1
needn	3
needs	1
negligence	1
neighbour	1
neighbouring	1
neither	2
nervous	5
nest	1
network	1
never	48
nevertheless	1
new	8
newsletter	1
newspapers	1
next	30
nibbled	2
nibbling	3
nice	6
nicely	2
night	5
nile	1
nine	5
no	100
nobody	8
nodded	1
noise	3
noises	1
non	1
none	4
nonproprietary	1
nonsense	7
nor	3
normans	1
north	1
northumbria	2
nose	8
not	173
note	2
nothing	34
notice	8
noticed	8
noticing	1
notifies	1
notion	3
now	60
nowhere	2
number	8
nurse	3
nursing	3
o	7
obliged	3
oblong	1
obsolete	1
obstacle	1
obtain	3
obtaining	2
occasional	1
occasionally	1
occur	1
occurred	2
october	1
odd	1
of	638
off	73
offend	1
offended	10
offer	2
offers	1
office	1
officer	1
officers	4
official	3
often	6
oh	45
ointment	1
old	21
older	2
oldest	1
on	204
once	34
one	106
ones	1
oneself	1
onions	1
online	4
only	52
oop	7
ootiful	4
open	7
opened	10
opening	3
opinion	1
opportunities	1
opportunity	9
opposite	1
or	155
orange	1
order	3
ordered	4
ordering	2
org	10
organized	1
original	1
originator	1
ornamented	2
other	57
others	8
otherwise	4
ought	14
our	12
ours	1
ourselves	1
out	118
outdated	1
outside	6
over	40
overcome	1
overhead	1
owed	1
owl	3
own	10
owner	4
owns	2
oyster	1
p	1
pace	1
pack	5
page	2
pages	1
paid	6
paint	1
painting	2
pair	5
pairs	1
pale	4
pan	1
panted	1
panther	3
panting	2
paper	5
paperwork	1
paragraph	11
paragraphs	3
parchment	2
pardon	6
pardoned	1
paris	2
part	6
particular	6
particularly	1
partner	1
partners	1
parts	3
party	12
pass	1
passage	4
passed	5
passing	1
passion	3
passionate	1
past	3
pat	3
patience	1
patiently	2
patriotic	1
patted	1
pattering	3
pattern	1
pause	2
paused	1
paw	3
paws	4
pay	1
paying	3
payments	3
pebbles	2
peeped	3
peeping	1
peering	1
pegs	1
pence	1
pencil	2
pencils	1
pennyworth	1
people	16
pepper	9
perfectly	4
perform	1
performances	1
performed	1
performing	3
perhaps	17
periodic	1
permanent	1
permission	6
permitted	3
persisted	2
person	8
personal	2
persons	1
pet	1
pg	1
pglaf	1
phrase	4
physical	2
picked	3
picking	2
picture	1
pictured	1
pictures	4
pie	3
piece	6
pieces	3
pig	12
pigeon	12
pigs	6
pinch	2
pinched	2
pine	1
pink	1
piteous	1
pitied	1
pity	3
place	9
placed	1
places	2
plain	2
plainly	1
plan	4
planning	1
plate	3
plates	2
play	8
played	1
players	4
playing	2
pleaded	3
pleasant	1
pleasanter	1
please	22
pleased	7
pleases	1
pleasing	1
pleasure	2
plenty	2
pocket	7
pointed	1
pointing	4
poison	3
poker	1
poky	1
politely	6
pool	12
poor	27
pop	1
pope	1
porpoise	4
position	2
positively	1
possessed	1
possession	1
possibility	1
possible	1
possibly	3
posted	4
pot	1
pounds	1
pour	1
poured	1
powdered	1
practically	1
practice	1
pray	3
precious	1
prepare	2
present	3
presented	1
presently	2
presents	2
preserve	1
pressed	3
pressing	1
pretend	1
pretending	1
pretexts	1
prettier	1
pretty	1
prevent	2
previous	1
print	1
printed	3
prison	1
prisoner	2
prize	1
prizes	5
problem	1
proceed	2
processing	1
procession	5
processions	1
produce	1
produced	3
producing	1
production	1
professor	1
profit	1
profits	1
prohibition	1
project	88
prominently	2
promise	1
promised	1
promising	1
promoting	2
promotion	1
pronounced	1
proofread	1
proper	3
property	2
proposal	1
proprietary	1
prosecute	1
protect	2
protected	5
protection	1
proud	2
prove	1
proved	2
proves	2
provide	7
provided	4
providing	4
provision	1
provisions	1
provoking	1
public	3
puffed	1
pulled	1
pulling	1
pun	1
punching	1
punished	1
punitive	1
puppy	7
purple	1
purpose	3
purring	2
push	1
puss	1
put	31
putting	3
puzzle	1
puzzled	9
puzzling	4
quadrille	5
quarrel	1
quarrelled	1
quarrelling	2
queen	76
queens	1
queer	12
queerest	1
question	17
questions	4
quick	2
quicker	1
quickly	2
quiet	2
quietly	5
quite	55
quiver	1
rabbit	53
rabbits	1
race	7
railway	2
raised	2
raising	1
ran	16
rapidly	2
rapped	1
rat	1
rate	9
rather	25
rats	1
rattle	1
rattling	2
raven	1
ravens	1
raving	2
raw	1
re	40
reach	4
reaching	2
read	14
readable	2
readily	1
reading	4
ready	8
real	3
reality	1
really	13
rearing	1
reason	9
reasonable	2
reasons	1
receipt	2
receive	2
received	6
receiving	1
recently	1
recognised	1
recovered	2
red	3
redistribute	1
redistributing	2
redistribution	2
reduced	1
reeds	1
reeling	1
references	2
refreshments	1
refund	10
refused	1
registered	2
regular	2
regulating	1
release	1
relief	2
relieved	1
remain	2
remained	3
remaining	2
remark	10
remarkable	2
remarked	10
remarking	3
remarks	3
remedies	2
remember	14
remembered	5
remembering	1
reminding	1
remove	1
removed	4
renamed	1
repeat	7
repeated	10
repeating	3
replace	1
replacement	5
replied	29
reply	5
reported	1
reports	1
representations	1
request	1
require	1
required	1
requirements	4
research	2
resource	1
respect	1
respectable	1
respectful	1
rest	10
resting	2
restrictions	2
result	1
retire	1
return	3
returned	2
returning	1
returns	1
revenue	1
rich	1
riddle	1
riddles	2
ridge	1
ridges	1
ridiculous	1
right	36
righthand	1
rightly	1
ring	2
ringlets	2
riper	1
rippling	1
rise	1
rises	1
rising	1
roared	1
roast	1
rock	1
rocket	1
rome	2
roof	6
room	13
roots	2
rope	1
rose	5
roses	3
roughly	1
round	41
row	2
royal	2
royalties	3
royalty	3
rubbed	1
rubbing	2
rude	2
rudeness	1
rule	5
rules	4
rumbling	1
run	4
running	8
rush	2
rushed	1
rustled	1
rustling	1
s	222
sad	3
sadly	5
safe	2
sage	1
said	462
salmon	1
salt	3
same	25
sand	1
sands	1
sang	2
sat	17
saucepan	1
saucepans	1
saucer	1
savage	4
save	1
saves	1
saw	14
say	51
saying	15
says	4
scale	1
scaly	1
school	6
schoolroom	1
scolded	1
scrambling	1
scratching	1
scream	2
screamed	4
screaming	1
scroll	2
sea	14
seals	1
seaography	1
search	2
seaside	1
seated	1
second	6
secondly	2
secret	1
section	7
sections	1
secure	1
see	70
seeing	1
seem	8
seemed	27
seems	5
seen	15
seldom	1
sell	2
send	2
sending	3
sends	2
sensation	2
sense	3
sent	3
sentence	8
sentenced	1
series	1
seriously	1
serpent	9
serpents	3
service	1
set	23
setting	1
settle	1
settled	3
settling	1
seven	6
several	5
severely	4
severity	1
sh	2
shade	1
shake	1
shakespeare	1
shaking	3
shall	27
shan	6
shape	1
shaped	3
share	2
shared	2
sharing	2
shark	1
sharks	1
sharp	6
sharply	4
she	553
shedding	1
sheep	1
shelves	2
shepherd	1
shifting	1
shilling	1
shillings	1
shingle	1
shining	1
shiny	1
shiver	1
shock	1
shoes	7
shook	9
shore	4
short	4
shorter	2
should	29
shoulder	4
shoulders	4
shouldn	5
shouted	9
shouting	2
show	3
shower	2
showing	2
shriek	5
shrieked	1
shrieks	1
shrill	5
shrimp	1
shrink	1
shrinking	4
shut	5
shutting	2
shy	1
shyly	1
side	17
sides	4
sigh	4
sighed	5
sighing	3
sight	10
sign	1
signed	2
signifies	1
signify	1
silence	14
silent	7
simple	5
simpleton	1
simply	3
since	4
sing	6
singers	2
singing	2
sink	1
sir	7
sister	9
sisters	2
sit	8
sits	1
sitting	10
six	2
sixpence	1
sixteenth	1
size	13
sizes	1
skimming	1
skirt	1
skurried	1
sky	5
slate	4
slates	8
sleep	6
sleepy	5
slightest	1
slipped	3
slippery	1
slowly	8
sluggard	1
small	12
smaller	3
smallest	2
smile	2
smiled	2
smiling	2
smoke	1
smoking	2
snail	3
snappishly	1
snatch	2
sneeze	2
sneezed	1
sneezes	2
sneezing	6
snorting	1
snout	1
so	153
sob	1
sobbed	1
sobbing	3
sobs	4
soft	1
softly	1
soldier	1
soldiers	10
solemn	3
solemnly	4
soles	1
solicit	2
solicitation	1
solid	1
some	52
somebody	7
somehow	1
someone	1
somersault	2
something	18
sometimes	5
somewhere	3
son	1
song	7
soo	7
soon	25
sooner	2
soothing	1
sorrow	2
sorrowful	2
sorrows	1
sorry	1
sort	20
sorts	3
sound	4
sounded	5
sounds	4
soup	18
sour	1
spades	1
speak	15
speaker	1
speaking	5
special	1
specified	2
spectacles	3
speech	3
speed	1
spell	1
spirited	1
spite	1
splash	1
splashed	1
splashing	2
splendidly	1
spoke	17
spoken	1
spoon	2
spot	1
sprawling	1
spread	3
spreading	1
squeaked	1
squeaking	2
squeeze	1
squeezed	1
staff	1
stairs	3
stalk	1
stamping	2
stand	6
standing	1
star	1
staring	3
start	3
started	2
startled	2
state	7
statements	1
states	19
station	1
status	4
stay	5
stays	1
steady	1
steam	1
sternly	1
stick	4
sticks	1
stiff	1
stigand	1
still	13
stingy	1
stirring	2
stockings	1
stole	3
stolen	1
stood	7
stool	1
stoop	2
stop	6
stopped	3
stopping	1
stored	1
story	9
straight	2
straightened	1
straightening	1
strange	5
strength	1
stretched	2
stretching	2
strict	1
strings	1
struck	2
stuff	4
stupid	6
stupidest	1
stupidly	1
subdued	1
subject	7
subjects	1
submitted	1
subscribe	1
succeeded	3
such	47
sudden	5
suddenly	13
suet	1
sugar	2
suit	3
sulkily	2
sulky	3
summer	2
sun	2
supple	1
support	4
suppose	14
suppress	1
suppressed	4
sure	24
surprise	5
surprised	7
survive	1
swallow	1
swallowed	1
swallowing	1
swam	5
swamp	1
sweet	1
swim	5
swimming	2
synonymous	1
t	218
table	18
tail	9
tails	3
take	22
taken	4
takes	3
taking	5
tale	5
tales	1
talk	14
talking	17
taller	2
tart	1
tarts	8
taste	2
tasted	3
tastes	1
taught	4
tax	6
taxes	1
tea	20
teaching	1
teacup	3
teacups	2
teapot	1
tears	12
teases	1
teeth	1
telescope	3
telescopes	1
tell	32
telling	2
tells	2
temper	5
tempered	2
ten	6
terms	23
terribly	1
terrier	1
terror	1
texts	1
than	27
thank	4
thanked	1
that	330
thatched	1
the	1839
their	52
theirs	1
them	88
themselves	3
then	94
there	101
therefore	1
these	17
they	154
thick	1
thimble	4
thin	1
thing	49
things	33
think	53
thinking	11
thirteen	1
this	181
thistle	2
thoroughly	2
those	11
though	11
thought	74
thoughtfully	4
thoughts	2
thousand	2
three	28
threw	2
throat	2
throne	1
through	16
throw	3
throwing	2
thrown	1
thump	2
thunder	1
thunderstorm	1
thus	1
tide	1
tidy	1
tie	1
tied	1
tight	1
till	21
tillie	1
time	71
times	6
timid	3
timidly	9
tinkling	1
tiny	4
tipped	1
tiptoe	2
tired	7
tis	5
title	1
tittered	1
tm	57
to	811
toast	1
today	1
toes	3
toffee	1
together	9
told	6
tomorrow	1
tone	40
tones	2
tongue	4
too	26
took	24
top	8
tops	1
tortoise	3
toss	1
tossing	3
touch	1
tougher	1
towards	1
toys	1
trademark	14
trampled	1
transcribe	1
transcription	1
traps	1
tray	1
treacle	7
treading	2
treat	1
treated	1
treatment	1
tree	9
trees	7
tremble	1
trembled	2
trembling	6
tremulous	1
trial	10
trials	1
trickling	1
tricks	1
tried	19
trims	1
triumphantly	2
trot	1
trotting	2
trouble	6
true	4
trumpet	3
trusts	1
truth	1
truthful	1
try	12
trying	14
tucked	3
tulip	1
tumbled	1
tumbling	2
tunnel	1
tureen	1
turkey	1
turn	11
turned	16
turning	12
turns	3
turtle	60
turtles	2
tut	2
twelfth	1
twelve	4
twentieth	1
twenty	3
twice	5
twinkle	8
twinkled	1
twinkling	4
twist	2
two	40
txt	1
types	1
u	7
ugh	2
uglification	2
uglify	1
uglifying	1
ugly	2
un	2
unable	1
uncivil	1
uncomfortable	4
uncomfortably	1
uncommon	1
uncommonly	1
uncorked	1
under	22
underneath	2
understand	7
understood	1
undertone	2
undo	1
undoing	1
uneasily	2
uneasy	1
unenforceability	1
unfolded	2
unfortunate	3
unhappy	2
uniform	1
unimportant	3
united	15
unjust	1
unless	5
unlink	1
unlocking	1
unpleasant	2
unprotected	1
unrolled	2
unsolicited	1
until	5
untwist	1
unusually	1
unwillingly	1
up	103
updated	2
upon	28
upright	1
upset	3
upsetting	1
upstairs	1
us	15
use	32
used	16
useful	2
user	3
using	8
usual	5
usually	2
usurpation	1
ut	1
utf	1
v	2
vague	1
vanilla	2
vanished	4
vanishing	1
variations	1
variety	1
various	2
ve	44
vegetable	1
velvet	1
venture	3
ventured	4
verdict	4
verse	4
verses	4
version	1
very	145
vi	2
viewed	1
viewing	1
vii	2
viii	2
vinegar	1
violates	1
violence	1
violent	2
violently	4
virus	1
visit	3
voice	48
voices	3
void	1
volunteer	1
volunteers	5
vote	1
vulgar	1
w	1
wag	1
wags	1
waist	1
waistcoat	2
wait	1
waited	11
waiting	9
wake	2
walk	5
walked	10
walking	5
walks	1
walrus	1
wander	1
wandered	2
wandering	2
want	9
wanted	4
wants	2
warning	1
warranties	3
warranty	2
was	359
wash	2
washing	3
wasn	11
waste	1
wasting	2
watch	8
watched	2
watching	3
water	5
waters	1
waving	5
way	58
ways	2
we	43
weak	2
wearily	1
web	1
website	4
week	3
weeks	1
welcome	1
well	63
went	83
wept	1
were	85
weren	1
west	1
wet	2
what	142
whatever	3
whatsoever	2
when	80
whenever	2
where	20
whereupon	1
wherever	2
whether	11
which	56
while	26
whiles	1
whiskers	3
whisper	3
whispered	5
whispers	1
whistle	1
whistling	1
white	30
whiting	8
who	67
whoever	1
whole	13
whom	2
whose	2
why	40
wide	2
wider	1
widespread	1
widest	2
widger	1
wife	1
wig	2
wild	2
wildly	2
will	42
william	8
win	1
wind	2
window	8
wine	2
wings	1
wink	2
winter	1
wise	2
wish	22
with	228
within	6
without	34
witness	10
wits	1
woke	1
woman	2
won	26
wonder	18
wondered	1
wonderful	2
wondering	7
wonderland	7
wood	8
wooden	1
word	11
words	21
wore	1
work	53
works	33
world	9
worm	1
worried	1
worry	1
worse	3
worth	4
would	83
wouldn	13
wow	6
wrapping	1
wretched	2
wriggling	1
write	6
writhing	1
writing	9
written	9
wrong	5
wrote	3
www	10
x	2
xi	2
xii	2
yard	1
yards	1
yawned	2
yawning	2
ye	1
year	2
years	2
yelled	1
yelp	1
yer	4
yes	13
yesterday	3
yet	25
you	486
young	5
your	71
yours	3
yourself	10
youth	6
zealand	1
zigzag	1
zip	1
